
===== US7536408B2 | Index dựa trên cụm từ (phrase-based indexing) | 2004-07-26 | Anna Lynn Patterson
CLAIM: 1. A method of indexing documents in a document collection, each document having an associated identifier, the method comprising: providing a list of phrases; identifying, by operation of a processor adapted to manipulate data within a computer system, for a given document, phrases from the list of phrases that are present in the document; for each identified phrase in the document: identifying, by operation of a processor adapted to manipulate data within a computer system, a related phrase also present in the document, wherein for each phrase gj, gk is a related phrase of phrase gj where an information gain I of gk with respect to gj exceeds a predetermined threshold, the information gain I being a function of A(j,k) and E(j,k), where A(j,k) is a measure of an actual co-occurrence rate of gj and gk, and E(j,k) is an expected co-occurrence rate gj and gk; and indexing, by operation of a
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION An information retrieval system and methodology uses phrases to index, search, rank, and describe documents in the document collection. The system is adapted to identify phrases that have sufficiently frequent and/or distinguished usage in the document collection to indicate that they are “valid” or “good” phrases. In this manner multiple word phrases, for example phrases of four, five, or more terms, can be identified. This avoids the problem of having to identify and index every possible phrases resulting from the all of the possible sequences of a given number of words. The system is further adapted to identify phrases that are related to each other, based on a phrase's ability to predict the presence of other phrases in a document. More specifically, a prediction measure is used that relates the actual co-occurrence rate of two phrases to an expected c

===== US7580921B2 | Nhận diện cụm từ trong hệ thống truy xuất thông tin | 2004-07-26 | Anna Lynn Patterson
CLAIM: 1. A computer implemented method for identifying phrases in a document collection, the method comprising: collecting possible phrases from documents in the document collection; classifying individual possible phrases as either a good phrase or a bad phrase according to a frequency of occurrence of the individual possible phrase; determining, for a pair of good phrases gj and gk in the document collection, an information gain of gk with respect to gj as a function of an actual co-occurrence rate of gj and gk and an expected co-occurrence rate of gj and gk in the document collection; selectively retaining as valid phrases those good phrases that, predict the occurrence of at least one other good phrase in the document collection, where a good phrase gj predicts the occurrence of another good phrase gk in the document collection when the determined information gain of gk in the presence of 
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION An information retrieval system and methodology uses phrases to index, search, rank, and describe documents in the document collection. The system is adapted to identify phrases that have sufficiently frequent and/or distinguished usage in the document collection to indicate that they are “valid” or “good” phrases. In this manner multiple word phrases, for example phrases of four, five, or more terms, can be identified. This avoids the problem of having to identify and index every possible phrases resulting from the all of the possible sequences of a given number of words. The system is further adapted to identify phrases that are related to each other, based on a phrase's ability to predict the presence of other phrases in a document. More specifically, a prediction measure is used that relates the actual co-occurrence rate of two phrases to an expected c

===== US7567959B2 | Hệ thống truy xuất thông tin dùng nhiều index | 2004-07-26 | Anna L. Patterson
CLAIM: 1. A computer implemented method for indexing documents with respect to a first phrase, wherein each document has a document identifier, the method comprising: storing a primary index of phrases; storing a secondary index of phrases; establishing a list of documents that contain the first phrase; partitioning the documents, by operation of a processor adapted to manipulate data within a computer system, in the list into at least a first portion comprising higher ranked documents in the list, and a second portion comprising lesser ranked documents in the list, based on ranking the documents in the list by a relevance score; storing the first portion in the primary index, the higher ranked documents of the first portion stored relative to one another in the primary index in rank order of the respective relevance scores of the ranked documents; and based on the partitioning, storing the sec
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION An information retrieval system and methodology uses phrases to index, search, rank, and describe documents in the document collection. The system is adapted to identify phrases that have sufficiently frequent and/or distinguished usage in the document collection to indicate that they are “valid” or “good” phrases. In this manner multiple word phrases, for example phrases of four, five, or more terms, can be identified. This avoids the problem of having to identify and index every possible phrases resulting from the all of the possible sequences of a given number of words. The system is further adapted to identify phrases that are related to each other, based on a phrase's ability to predict the presence of other phrases in a document. More specifically, a prediction measure is used that relates the actual co-occurrence rate of two phrases to an expected c

===== US7599914B2 | Tìm kiếm dựa trên cụm từ (phrase-based searching) | 2004-07-26 | Anna Lynn Patterson
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method of selecting documents in a document collection in response to a query, the method comprising: receiving a query; identifying an incomplete phrase in the query, wherein other phrases predicted by the incomplete phrase in the document collection include only phrase extensions of the incomplete phrase; replacing the incomplete phrase with a phrase extension, wherein the phrase extension of the incomplete phrase is a super-sequence of the incomplete phrase that begins with the incomplete phrase, and wherein the incomplete phrase predicts the phrase extension based on a measure of an actual co-occurrence rate of the phrase extension and the incomplete phrase exceeding an expected co-occurrence rate of the phrase extension and the incomplete phrase in the document collection, the expected co-occurrence rate of the phrase extension and the incomplete phrase bei
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION An information retrieval system and methodology uses phrases to index, search, rank, and describe documents in the document collection. The system is adapted to identify phrases that have sufficiently frequent and/or distinguished usage in the document collection to indicate that they are “valid” or “good” phrases. In this manner multiple word phrases, for example phrases of four, five, or more terms, can be identified. This avoids the problem of having to identify and index every possible phrases resulting from the all of the possible sequences of a given number of words. The system is further adapted to identify phrases that are related to each other, based on a phrase's ability to predict the presence of other phrases in a document. More specifically, a prediction measure is used that relates the actual co-occurrence rate of two phrases to an expected c

===== US7584175B2 | Tạo mô tả tài liệu dựa trên cụm từ | 2004-07-26 | Anna Lynn Patterson
CLAIM: 1. A method of automatically generating a description of a document, the method comprising: retrieving a document in response to a query, the query comprising a query phrase, the document including a plurality of sentences; calculating, by operation of a processor adapted to manipulate data within a computer system, for sentences of the document, a first count that includes a measure of a number of instances in which the query phrase occurs in the sentences; calculating, by operation of a processor adapted to manipulate data within a computer system, for sentences of the document, a second count that includes a measure of a number of instances in which any of one or more related phrases of the query phrase occurs in the sentences; calculating, by operation of a processor adapted to manipulate data within a computer system, for sentences of the document, a third count that includes a meas
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION An information retrieval system and methodology uses phrases to index, search, rank, and describe documents in the document collection. The system is adapted to identify phrases that have sufficiently frequent and/or distinguished usage in the document collection to indicate that they are “valid” or “good” phrases. In this manner multiple word phrases, for example phrases of four, five, or more terms, can be identified. This avoids the problem of having to identify and index every possible phrases resulting from the all of the possible sequences of a given number of words. The system is further adapted to identify phrases that are related to each other, based on a phrase's ability to predict the presence of other phrases in a document. More specifically, a prediction measure is used that relates the actual co-occurrence rate of two phrases to an expected c

===== US7426507B1 | Tự động tạo phân loại (taxonomy) trong kết quả tìm kiếm bằng cụm từ | 2004-07-26 | Anna Lynn Patterson
CLAIM: 1. A method of presenting documents in response to a search of a document collection, the method comprising: retrieving a plurality of documents in response to a query, the query comprising at least one query phrase; determining related phrases that are related to the query phrase, wherein for each query phrase gj, gk is a related phrase of phrase gj where an information gain I of gk with respect to gj exceeds a predetermined threshold, the information gain I being a function of A(j,k) and E(j,k), where A(j,k) is a measure of an actual co-occurrence rate of gj and gk, and E(j,k) is an expected co-occurrence rate gj and gk; determining a plurality of clusters, each cluster associated with one of the related phrases, and having a cluster name corresponding to the related phrase; and for each cluster, presenting a number of documents containing the related phrase associated with the cluster
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION An information retrieval system and methodology uses phrases to index, search, rank, and describe documents in the document collection. The system is adapted to identify phrases that have sufficiently frequent and/or distinguished usage in the document collection to indicate that they are “valid” or “good” phrases. In this manner multiple word phrases, for example phrases of four, five, or more terms, can be identified. This avoids the problem of having to identify and index every possible phrases resulting from the all of the possible sequences of a given number of words. The system is further adapted to identify phrases that are related to each other, based on a phrase's ability to predict the presence of other phrases in a document. More specifically, a prediction measure is used that relates the actual co-occurrence rate of two phrases to an expected c

===== US9384224B2 | Hệ thống lưu trữ nhiều phiên bản tài liệu | 2004-07-26 | Anna L Patterson
CLAIM: 1. A system comprising: a phrase-based index that includes a plurality of posting lists, each of the posting lists including: a phrase, and a list of documents associated with the phrase; at least one processor; and memory storing instructions that, when executed by the at least one processor, cause the system to perform operations including: receiving, on a first date, a current version of a previously indexed version of a document, the previously indexed version being associated with a closed date of a date range that represents current validity, determining that the current version differs from the previously indexed version, generating a document identifier for the current version that is based on the first date, determining at least one phrase associated with the current version, updating the closed date of the date range for the previously indexed version based on the first date, s
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION An information retrieval system and methodology uses phrases to index, search, rank, and describe documents in the document collection. The system is adapted to identify phrases that have sufficiently frequent and/or distinguished usage in the document collection to indicate that they are “valid” or “good” phrases. In this manner multiple word phrases, for example phrases of four, five, or more terms, can be identified. This avoids the problem of having to identify and index every possible phrase resulting from the all of the possible sequences of a given number of words. The system is further adapted to identify phrases that are related to each other, based on a phrase's ability to predict the presence of other phrases in a document. More specifically, a prediction measure is used that relates the actual co-occurrence rate of two phrases to an expected co

===== US9037573B2 | Cá nhân hóa tìm kiếm dựa trên cụm từ | 2004-07-26 | Anna L. Patterson
CLAIM: 1. A method of personalizing a search of a document collection to a user, the method comprising: monitoring a plurality of documents accessed by the user; identifying a plurality of first phrases present in one or more of the accessed documents; receiving a query from the user, the query including one or more second phrases; selecting a plurality of documents selected from the document collection that are responsive to the query; identifying one or more of the first phrases as related phrases that are related to the one or more second phrases, wherein a particular related phrase is related to a particular second phrase when an information gain exceeds a threshold, the information gain being a ratio of an actual co-occurrence rate of the particular related phrase and the particular second phrase in documents of the document collection and an expected occurrence rate of the particular rela
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION An information retrieval system and methodology uses phrases to index, search, rank, and describe documents in the document collection. The system is adapted to identify phrases that have sufficiently frequent and/or distinguished usage in the document collection to indicate that they are “valid” or “good” phrases. In this manner multiple word phrases, for example phrases of four, five, or more terms, can be identified. This avoids the problem of having to identify and index every possible phrases resulting from the all of the possible sequences of a given number of words. The system is further adapted to identify phrases that are related to each other, based on a phrase's ability to predict the presence of other phrases in a document. More specifically, a prediction measure is used that relates the actual co-occurrence rate of two phrases to an expected c

===== US8631027B2 | Tích hợp thông tin cụm từ liên quan từ bên ngoài vào hệ thống index theo cụm từ | 2007-09-07 | Anna L. Patterson
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method for updating top phrases associated with a limited document collection, the method comprising: storing top phrases for the limited document collection, wherein the top phrases are related to related phrases and wherein both the top phrases and related phrases of the top phrases are present in the document collection; receiving, by at least one processor of a computer system, from a user a replacement top phrase for a top phrase; defining, by at least one processor of the computer system, the replacement top phrase as a new top phrase for the document collection; and associating, by at least one processor of the computer system, the replacement top phrase with a root document of the document collection.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION An information retrieval system and methodology uses phrases to index, search, rank, and describe documents in the document collection. The system is adapted to identify phrases that have sufficiently frequent and/or distinguished usage in the document collection to indicate that they are “valid” or “good” phrases. In this manner multiple word phrases, for example phrases of four, five, or more terms, can be identified. This avoids the problem of having to identify and index every possible phrase resulting from all of the possible sequences of a given number of words. The system is further adapted to identify phrases that are related to each other, based on a phrase's ability to predict the presence of other phrases in a document. More specifically, a prediction measure is used that relates the actual co-occurrence rate of two phrases to an expected co-occ

===== US8166045B1 | Trích xuất cụm từ bằng chấm điểm cụm từ con | 2007-03-30 | Soham Mazumdar, Viktor Przebinda, Yonatan Zunger
CLAIM: 1. A computer implemented method of extracting a set of valid phrases from a plurality of documents, the method comprising: for each document: identifying a plurality of candidate phrases contained in the document, wherein a candidate phrase includes multiple consecutive words that appear in the document, wherein identifying a candidate phrase includes scanning though words of the document to identify the multiple consecutive words of the candidate phrase contained in the document; scoring each candidate phrase in the document to produce a document phrase score for the candidate phrase for the document, the document phrase score being based on each instance of the candidate phrase that appears in the document, wherein scoring the candidate phrases in the document to produce the document phrase score comprises: scoring a plurality of instances of the candidate phrase in the document to pr
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION An information retrieval system and methodology uses phrases to index and search documents in the document collection. Phrases are also used to decompose inputs (e.g., queries) into phrase trees, to schedule and optimize the execution of searches, to support the updating and maintenance of the indexes, and to support bifurcated relevance scoring of documents. In one aspect, an information retrieval system includes an indexing system and index server architecture based on phrases. Phrases are extracted from a document collection in a manner that identifies real phrases as used in by language users, as opposed to mere combinations of words. Generally, this is done by collecting a large body of word sequences that are candidates phrases based on the structural features in the documents. Each candidate phrase is given a document phrase score for each document 

===== US9223877B1 | Kiến trúc index server dùng phrase posting list chia tầng và phân mảnh | 2007-03-30 | Pei Cao, Nadav Eiron, Soham Mazumdar, Anna L. Patterson, Russell Power, Yonatan Zunger
CLAIM: 1. A method comprising: determining a phrase posting list for a phrase, the phrase posting list identifying a set of web-pages that include the phrase; determining a cost for the phrase posting list; and assigning the phrase posting list to one of a plurality of tiers based on the cost, where each tier has a respective minimum cost used to assign the phrase posting list and where higher cost results in the phrase posting list being assigned to a tier with higher performance.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION An information retrieval system and methodology uses phrases to index and search documents in the document collection. Phrases are also used to decompose inputs (e.g., queries) into phrase trees, to schedule and optimize the execution of searches, to support the updating and maintenance of the indexes, and to support bifurcated relevance scoring of documents. In one aspect, an information retrieval system includes an indexing system and index server architecture based on phrases. Phrases are extracted from a document collection in a manner that identifies real phrases as used in language by users, as opposed to mere combinations of words. Generally, this is done by collecting a large body of word sequences that are candidates phrases based on the structural features in the documents. Each candidate phrase is given a document phrase score for each document 

===== US8060501B1 | Xếp hạng tài liệu dựa trên khoảng cách ngữ nghĩa giữa các từ | 2004-03-31 | Georges R Harik, Monika H Henzinger
CLAIM: 1. A method comprising: receiving, by one or more processors, a document that includes first, second, third, and fourth terms; identifying, by the one or more processors, that a list is present within the document, where the list includes a plurality of items; determining, by the one or more processors, that the first and second terms appear in the list; determining, by the one or more processors, in response to determining that the first and second terms appear in the list, a distance value between the first and second terms within the list, where the distance value is determined based on at least one of a plurality of rules that is associated with particular locations, in the list, of the first and second terms, where determining the distance value includes: determining, by the one or more processors, that the first term appears in one of the plurality of items of the list and the seco
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION One aspect of the invention includes a method of calculating a distance value between terms in a document. The method may include locating implicitly defined semantic structures in the document and calculating the distance values in the document based on the implicitly defined semantic structures. Another aspect consistent with the invention is a method for ranking documents relative to a search query. The method may include determining semantically based distance values between terms that occur in the search query and that are present in the documents, and ranking the documents for relevancy to the search query based on the determined distance values. Yet another aspect of the invention is a device that includes a memory and a processor coupled to the memory. The processor may determine semantically based distance values between terms that occur in a sea

===== US8463772B1 | Giá trị khoảng cách có mức quan trọng khác nhau | 2010-05-13 | Daniel M. Aminzade, Robert S. Renaud
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented system comprising: one or more computers; one or more data storage devices coupled to the one or more computers and storing instructions that, when executed by the one or more computers, cause the one or more computers to perform operations comprising: receiving query log data that includes a plurality of queries, and for each query one or more search results that were selected by users from a set of search results that were presented in response to the query; generating, based on the received query log data, a collection of queries and a result distance for each query in the collection of queries, where for a particular query the result distance is representative of a typical distance between locations associated with search results that were presented in response to the particular query and selected by users and a query location for the particular query; and g
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY In general, one innovative aspect of the subject matter described in this specification can be embodied in methods that include the actions of receiving a search query from a client computing device and obtaining search results responsive to the search query. A distance importance factor associated with the search query is obtained. The distance importance factor indicates the importance of proximity of a search result location to a query location. The search result location is a geographic location associated with a search result and the query location is a geographic location associated with the search query. For each of the search results, based on the distance importance factor and on the proximity of the search result location corresponding to the particular search result to the query location, a proximity value is determined for the particular search result. The proxi

===== US8626787B1 | Xác định stopword có ý nghĩa trong hệ thống tìm kiếm theo từ khóa | 2004-03-31 | Simon Tong, Uri Lerner, Amit Singhal, Paul Haahr, Steven Baker
CLAIM: 1. A method comprising: receiving, by one or more processors of one or more computer devices, a phrase that includes a stopword; identifying, by the one or more processors, first documents, from a corpus of documents, that are relevant to the phrase; forming, by the one or more processors and based on the phrase, a modified phrase that omits the stopword; identifying, by the one or more processors, second documents, from the corpus of documents, that are relevant to the modified phrase; comparing, by the one or more processors, information associated with the first documents and information associated with the second documents; determining, by the one or more processors and based on comparing the information associated with the first documents and the information associated with the second documents, whether the phrase and the modified phrase are associated with different concepts; and s
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION One aspect of the invention is directed to a method of detecting stopwords in a query. The method includes identifying a potential stopword in the query based on a comparison to a list of stopwords and generating sets of context data based on the query and the potential stopword. The method further includes comparing the sets of context data and classifying the potential stopword as an actual stopword or as terms material to the query based on the comparison. A second aspect of the invention is directed to a method that includes identifying potential stopwords in a query and generating context data based on the query and the potential stopwords. The method further includes rewriting the query to remove those of the potential stopwords that did not substantially effect generation of the context data. Yet another aspect of the invention is directed to a sys

===== US10152535B1 | Tách cụm từ trong query (query phrasification) | 2007-03-30 | Pei Cao, Sohem Mazumdar
CLAIM: 1. A method comprising: decomposing a search query that includes three or more words into a plurality of candidate phrasifications, each candidate phrasification having a different grouping of component phrases, a component phrase including a non-zero quantity of the words and each candidate phrasification including all of the words of the search query; scoring one or more candidate phrasifications, a candidate phrasification being scored by applying a scoring model, the scoring model based on a number of component phrases in the phrasification, a probability of occurrence of each of the component phrases in the candidate phrasification from a valid phrase table, and parameters for adjusting precision and recall of the candidate phrasification, the parameters including a first parameter to adjust precision of candidate phrasifications and a second parameter to adjust bias against obtaini
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION An information retrieval system and methodology uses phrases to index and search documents in the document collection. Phrases are also used to decompose inputs (e.g., queries) into phrase trees, to schedule and optimize the execution of searches, to support the updating and maintenance of the indexes, and to support bifurcated relevance scoring of documents. In one aspect, an information retrieval system includes an indexing system and index server architecture based on phrases. Phrases are extracted from a document collection in a manner that identifies real phrases as used in by language users, as opposed to mere combinations of words. Generally, this is done by collecting a large body of word sequences that are candidates phrases based on the structural features in the documents. Each candidate phrase is given a document phrase score for each document 

===== US8402036B2 | Tạo snippet dựa trên cụm từ cảm xúc | 2008-01-25 | Sasha Blair-Goldensohn, Kerry Hannan, Ryan T. McDonald, Tyler Neylon, Jeffrey C. Reynar
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method for generating a snippet for an entity, wherein each snippet comprises a plurality of sentiments about the entity, the method comprising: selecting one or more textual reviews associated with the entity; identifying a plurality of sentiment phrases based on the one or more textual reviews, wherein each sentiment phrase comprises a sentiment about the entity; selecting one or more sentiment phrases from the plurality of sentiment phrases; generating a snippet based on the selected one or more sentiment phrases; and storing the snippet.
SUMMARY:  ## BRIEF SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The described embodiments provide a method, system and computer program product that generate a snippet for an entity, wherein each snippet comprises a plurality of sentiments about the entity. One aspect provides a computer-implemented method of generating a snippet for an entity, wherein each snippet comprises a plurality of sentiments about the entity. Initially, one or more textual reviews associated with the entity are selected. A plurality of sentiment phrases based on the one or more textual reviews, wherein each sentiment phrase comprises a sentiment about the entity, are identified. One or more sentiment phrases from the plurality of sentiment phrases are selected and a snippet is generated and stored based on the selected one or more sentiment phrases. In another aspect, the described embodiments provide a system for generating a snippet f

===== US9053156B1 | Kết quả tìm kiếm dựa trên chủ đề | 2012-01-28 | Jianming He, Kevin Dongsoo Chang
CLAIM: 1. A non-transitory computer readable storage medium storing computer-executable instructions that, in response to execution, cause a device including a processor to perform operations, comprising: receiving a query from a device; mapping the query to a domain topic, wherein the mapping is based on a first conditional probability, P(T|Q), of the domain topic given the query; and identifying a result for the query based on a second conditional probability, P(R|T), of the result given the domain topic.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY The following presents a simplified summary of the specification in order to provide a basic understanding of some aspects of the specification. This summary is not an extensive overview of the specification. It is intended to neither identify key or critical elements of the specification nor delineate the scope of any particular embodiments of the specification, or any scope of the claims. Its purpose is to present some concepts of the specification in a simplified form as a prelude to the more detailed description that is presented in this disclosure. Systems and methods disclosed herein relate to providing results to a query based upon topic. An input component can be configured to receive a query, e.g., for a video. A mapping component can map a set of domain topics to the query. For example, a domain topic from the set of domain topics can be mapped to the query based

===== US7996379B1 | Xếp hạng tài liệu bằng quan hệ giữa các từ | 2008-02-01 | Sharad Jain
CLAIM: 1. A method comprising: receiving a plurality of documents, the plurality of documents having an initial order; identifying local term relationships between terms in the plurality of documents, each local term relationship being a relationship between a pair of terms in a respective document, wherein identifying local term relationships between terms in the documents comprises generating, for each of the documents in the plurality of documents, a local term relationships graph, the local term relationships graph representing the local term relationships in the respective document; determining relationships among the documents in the plurality of documents based on the local term relationships and on the initial order of the documents, wherein determining relationships between the documents based on the local term relationships and the initial order of the documents within the plurality o
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY In general, one aspect of the subject matter described in this specification can be embodied in methods that include the actions of receiving a plurality of documents, where the plurality of documents has an initial order; identifying local term relationships between terms in the plurality of documents, each local term relationship being a relationship between a pair of terms in a respective document; determining relationships among the documents in the plurality of documents based on the local term relationships and on the initial order of the documents; and determining a respective score for each document in the plurality of documents based on the document relationships. Other embodiments of this aspect include corresponding systems, apparatus, computer program products, and computer readable media. Particular embodiments of the subject matter described in this specifica

===== US8688720B1 | Mô tả tài liệu dựa trên các cụm từ liên quan về khái niệm | 2002-10-03 | Georges Harik, Noam M. Shazeer
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method comprising: receiving resource that includes a set of words; identifying a set of candidate clusters from a probabilistic model that are classified as likely to be active in generating the set of words; generating a vector that characterizes the resource, wherein, for each cluster of the set of candidate clusters, a component of the vector indicates a degree to which the cluster was active in generating the set of words; and using the vector in performing an operation related to the resource.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY One embodiment of the present invention provides a system characterizes a document with respect to clusters of conceptually related words. Upon receiving a document containing a set of words, the system selects “candidate clusters” of conceptually related words that are related to the set of words. These candidate clusters are selected using a model that explains how sets of words are generated from clusters of conceptually related words. Next, the system constructs a set of components (such as a vector) to characterize the document, wherein the set of components includes components for candidate clusters. Each component in the set of components indicates a degree to which a corresponding candidate cluster is related to the set of words. In a variation on this embodiment, the model is a probabilistic model, which contains nodes representing random variables for words and f

===== US8024372B2 | Học mô hình sinh xác suất cho văn bản (PHIL) | 2003-09-30 | Georges Harik, Noam M. Shazeer
CLAIM: 1. A method for constructing a model that generates text, the method comprising: in a computer system, performing the operations of: representing a concept as a cluster node; representing a word as a terminal node; assigning a weight to a link between two nodes; and training the model based on a set of documents, comprising: for each cluster node, computing a probabilistic cost of a corresponding concept existing in a document but not triggering any words.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY One embodiment of the present invention provides a system that learns a generative model for textual documents. During operation, the system receives a current model, which contains terminal nodes representing random variables for words and cluster nodes representing clusters of conceptually related words. Within the current model, nodes are coupled together by weighted links, so that if a cluster node in the probabilistic model fires, a weighted link from the cluster node to another node causes the other node to fire with a probability proportionate to the link weight. The system also receives a set of training documents, wherein each training document contains a set of words. Next, the system applies the set of training documents to the current model to produce a new model. In a variation on this embodiment, applying the set of training documents to the current model inv

===== US8892422B1 | Nhận diện cụm từ trong chuỗi từ | 2012-07-09 | Shailesh Kumar
CLAIM: 1. A computer implemented method of identifying a phrase weighting of a sequence of words as a function of the position of words present in the sequence of words, comprising: identifying a sequence of words; determining, utilizing one or more processors, a centrality value for each of a plurality of identified words in the sequence of words, the centrality value for each of the identified words based on a co-occurrence consistency with other of the identified words in their respective relative positions in the sequence of words; and determining, utilizing one or more processors, a phrase weighting of the sequence of words based on the determined centrality value for each of the identified words, wherein the phrase weighting provides an indication of the likelihood that the sequence of words is a phrase.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY The present disclosure is directed to methods and apparatus for phrase identification. For example, some implementations are directed to methods and apparatus for determining co-occurrence consistencies for positional word pairings of a plurality of sequences of words in a corpus that may be utilized in identifying a phrase. Also, for example, some implementations are directed to inventive methods and apparatus for determining a phrase coherence of a sequence of words based on the co-occurrence consistencies for positional word pairings in the sequence of words. Also, for example, some implementations are directed to inventive methods and apparatus for determining one or more phrase boundaries in a sequence of words. In some implementations a computer implemented method of identifying a phrase weighting of a sequence of words as a function of the position of words present 

===== US8447760B1 | Tạo tập tài liệu liên quan cho một tập tài liệu ban đầu | 2009-07-20 | Simon Tong, Benjamin N. Lee, Eric E. Altendorf
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method for identifying one or more second documents related to one or more documents of a set of first documents, the method comprising: determining a respective strength of relationship score between each candidate document in a group of candidate documents and each of the first documents by aggregating user selection data for multiple users, the first documents and the candidate documents being in a corpus of web documents, the user selection data indicating, for each of the multiple users, whether the user viewed the candidate document during a window of time after the first document is presented to the user on a search results web page in response to a query, wherein the strength of relationship score is a probability that the candidate document will be viewed given that the first document has been presented to a user on a search results web page in response
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY This specification describes technologies relating to generating a related group of search result documents from an initial group of search result documents. In general, one aspect of the subject matter described in this specification can be embodied in methods for identifying one or more second documents related to one or more first documents that include the actions of determining a respective strength of relationship score between each candidate document in a group of one or more candidate documents and each first document by aggregating user selection data for users. The first documents and the candidate documents are in a corpus of web documents, and the user selection data indicates, for each user, whether the user viewed the candidate document during a window of time after the first document is presented to the user on a search results web page in response to a query

===== US8090736B1 | Cải thiện kết quả bằng quan hệ khái niệm giữa tài liệu | 2004-12-30 | Sean Michael Knapp, Matthew Eric Waddell
CLAIM: 1. A method performed by a computer system, the method comprising: selecting, using one or more processors associated with the computer system, a first document; representing, using one or more processors associated with the computer system, a first relationship between the first document and a second document as a first link between the first document and the second document, where the first relationship includes at least one of: the first document and the second document sharing a same hierarchical user-defined label, the first document and the second document being associated with a same sub-directory, or the first document and the second document being associated with a same bookmark folder; representing, using one or more processors associated with the computer system, a second relationship between the first document and a third document as a second link between the first document a
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY According to one aspect, a method may include identifying a plurality of documents. User-defined relationships between the plurality of documents may be identified. Ranking values may be assigned to the plurality of documents based on the identified user-defined relationships. According to another aspect, a method may include associating one or more organizational structures to a plurality of documents, where each organizational structure identifies a relationship between one or more documents. The plurality of documents are ranked based on the associated organizational structures. ## BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS The accompanying drawings, which are incorporated in and constitute a part of this specification, illustrate embodiments of the invention and, together with the description, explain the invention. In the drawings, FIG. 1 is a diagram of a hierarchical or

===== US7673253B1 | Suy ra khái niệm gắn với nội dung | 2004-06-30 | Sumit Agarwal, Brian Axe, Alex Carobus, Shuman Ghosemajumder, Gokul Rajaram, Rama Ranganath
CLAIM: 1. A method, performed by one or more server devices, comprising: retrieving, by a processor of the one or more server devices, a document; indirectly inferring, by a processor of the one or more server devices, concepts associated with the document, where the concepts are not directly inferred from characteristics of the document and where indirectly inferring concepts associated with the document comprises: identifying, by a processor of the one or more server devices, a plurality of second documents that each include a link pointing to the document, determining, by a processor of the one or more server devices, which second document of the plurality of the second documents has been frequently used to access the document, extracting, by a processor of the one or more server devices, concepts associated with the second document that has been frequently used to access the document, deter
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION According to one aspect consistent with the principles of the invention, a method of inferring concepts associated with a document is provided. The method may include retrieving the document, and indirectly inferring concepts associated with the document based on information that does not comprise characteristics of the document. The method may also include labeling the inferred concepts as useful to an audience of the document. According to another aspect, a method of determining concepts useful to an audience of a first document is provided. The method may include extracting a uniform resource locator (URL) associated with an advertisement contained in the first document and retrieving a second document corresponding to the URL. The method may further include extracting concepts from the second document and labeling the extracted concepts as useful to an

===== US8595225B1 | Liên hệ chủ đề và độ phổ biến của tài liệu | 2004-09-30 | Amit Singhal, Urs Hoelzle
CLAIM: 1. A method comprising: determining, by one or more server devices, a first popularity score for each document, of a plurality of documents; associating, by the one or more server devices, a first subset of documents, of the plurality of documents, with a first topic; associating, by the one or more server devices, a second subset of documents, of the plurality of documents, with a second topic that is different than the first topic; assigning, by the one or more server devices, to each document in the first subset, a second popularity score specific to the first topic, the second popularity score, assigned to each document in the first subset, being based on the first popularity score of the document in the first subset relative to the first popularity scores of other documents in the first subset, but not relative to the first popularity scores of the documents in the second subset; as
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION According to one aspect consistent with the principles of the invention a method of ranking documents is provided. The method may include determining a popularity score associated with documents of multiple documents. The method may further include determining one or more topics associated the documents of the multiple documents. The method may also include ranking, using the popularity score, the documents within the one or more determined topics. According to another aspect, a method of correlating topicality and popularity data of multiple documents is provided. The method may include receiving identifiers associated with documents visited by one or more users and retrieving the documents based on the received identifiers. The method may further include mapping the retrieved documents to one or more topics and determining a popularity value associated w
