
===== US9355177B2 | Lập lịch crawl dựa trên sitemap của website | 2005-05-31 | Sascha Benjamin Brawer, Max IBEL, Ralph Michael Keller, Narayanan Shivakumar
CLAIM: 1. A method of scheduling documents for crawling, performed on a computer system having one or more processors and memory storing one or more programs for execution by the one or more processors, the method comprising: identifying an updated sitemap using a last change date in a sitemap index, the sitemap index including a list of sitemaps for a website, each sitemap having a URL and a last change date; updating sitemap information for the sitemap by downloading updated sitemap information, wherein the sitemap information includes a list of URLs corresponding to documents stored at the website and each URL is associated with two or more of: a last modification date for the URL, a change freq
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY Systems and methods for scheduling documents for crawling are disclosed. In some implementations, a method includes obtaining sitemap information for a plurality of websites; and analyzing the sitemap information to identify a website, in the plurality of websites. The website has sitemap information that is at least potentially out of date. The method also includes updating the sitemap information for the identified website by downloading updated sitemap information for the identified website; and scheduling documents for crawling in accordance with the updated sitemap information for the identified website. ## DESCRIPTION OF EMBODIMENTS A web server of a website generates

===== US8655864B1 | Sitemap cho di động (Mobile Sitemaps) | 2005-08-29 | Alan C. Strohm, Feng Hu, Sascha B. Brawer, Maximilian Ibel, Ralph M. Keller, Narayanan Shivakumar, Elad Gil
CLAIM: 1. A computer implemented method, comprising: accessing a mapping document that represents an organization of related network-accessible documents within a website, at least some of the network-accessible documents whose organization is represented by the mapping document being mobile content; receiving an indication that at least some of the network-accessible documents whose organization is represented by the mapping document are mobile content; selecting, based on the indication that at least some of the network-accessible documents whose organization is represented by the mapping document are mobile content, a mobile content crawling mode to crawl the network-accessible documents of the 
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY In general, this document discusses systems and methods by which a content provider can produce a sitemap for one or more network-accessible documents, such as web pages, and may submit the sitemap to a remote computer, such as a computer associated with a search engine. The remote computer may then access the sitemap to more efficiently access and/or index the documents or information in the documents. The content provider, such as a webmaster who has built a web site or an automated content management system, may indicate that certain of the content is intended for display on particular mobile devices or other devices having limited display capabilities. The remote computer m

===== US8032518B2 | Cho phép chủ website điều chỉnh crawl rate | 2006-10-12 | Vanessa Fox, Amanda Ann Camp, Maximilian Ibel, Patrik Rene Celeste Reali, Jeremy J. Lilley, Katherine Jane Lai, Ted J. Bonkenburg, Neal Douglas Cardwell
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method of indexing documents in websites, the method comprising: on a server system having one or more processors and memory storing programs to be executed by the one or more processors: for each website of a multiplicity of websites, each website having a corresponding current crawl rate limit: crawling the respective website, in accordance with the current crawl rate limit corresponding to the respective website, to download documents from the respective website for inclusion in a database; storing crawl data associated with the crawling of the respective website; and providing, for display, a crawl rate control mechanism to a respective owner of the respective w
SUMMARY:  ## RELATED APPLICATIONS This application is a continuation of U.S. patent application Ser. No. 11/549,075, filed Oct. 12, 2006 now U.S. Pat. No. 7,599,920, which is incorporated herein in its entirety. This application incorporates by reference the following applications in their entirety: U.S. Provisional Patent Application No. 60/686,492, titled “Sitemap Generating Client for Web Crawler,” filed May 31, 2005; U.S. patent application Ser. No. 11/172,764, titled “Web Crawler Scheduler that Utilizes Sitemaps from Websites,” filed Jun. 30, 2005; and U.S. Provisional Patent Application No. 60/686,494, titled “Web Crawler Scheduler that Utilizes Sitemaps from Websites,” filed May 31, 2005. 

===== US8554759B1 | Chọn tài liệu để đưa vào index | 2008-01-30 | Thomas M. Annau, Charles Garrett, Sharmila Subramaniam, Sanjay Joshi, Rosemary Emery-Montemerlo, Aaron A. D'Souza, Jonathan D. Wilson, Christopher W. Fraser
CLAIM: 1. A device comprising: a memory to store instructions; and a processor to execute the instructions to: determine, for each document of a plurality of documents, information identifying a measure of quality of the document as a search result for one or more search queries, the information, identifying the measure of quality of a particular document in the plurality of documents, being determined based on: a probability that the particular document will be selected at least a threshold number of times during a particular time period when the particular document is presented as a search result, the probability that the particular document will be selected being based on a position of the parti
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY According to one aspect, a method may include identifying a collection of documents; predicting a utility score for each document in the collection of documents; creating a ranked list of the documents based on the predicted utility scores for the documents; selecting a number of the documents in the ranked list of documents; indexing the selected documents to create an index; and storing the index. According to another aspect, a system, which may be implemented within one or more computer devices, may include means for generating rules for a model based on a number of search queries previously submitted by users, search results that were provided to the users, and information

===== US9501506B1 | Hệ thống index (cập nhật index hybrid-sharded) | 2013-03-15 | Marcus Fontoura, Daniel N. Meredith, Douglas Lee Taylor Rohde, Mahesh S. Palekar, Asim Shankar, Denis Murray Baylor, Zigmars Rasscevskis, Andras Csomai
CLAIM: 1. A method comprising: receiving, using at least one processor of a first leaf node in a distributed environment, updates to a hybrid-sharded index, the hybrid-sharded index including document-sharded posting lists and term-sharded posting lists; generating, using the at least one processor of the first leaf node that received an update, replacement posting lists and change information for a respective second leaf node; dividing the replacement posting lists into portions, a portion having associated change information and being associated with a respective one of the second leaf nodes; sending the portions to respective second leaf nodes; and at a particular leaf node of the second leaf no
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY Implementations combine a document sharded index with a term sharded index, balancing I/O operations with network traffic considerations. The system may be a distributed system, with the index stored amongst a number of computing devices, also referred to as leaves. The system may assign indexed documents to a leaf. The indexed documents may be assigned to one of two or more sets, e.g., base documents or extended documents. At indexing time the system may generate posting lists for the terms included in the documents. Whether a term appears in a term-sharded posting list or a document-sharded posting list may be based on the document type in which the term appears. In general, 

===== US9483568B1 | Hệ thống index (hybrid-sharded) | 2013-06-05 | Marcus Fontoura, Daniel N. Meredith, Douglas Lee Taylor Rohde, Mahesh S. Palekar, Asim Shankar, Denis Murray Baylor, Zigmars Rasscevskis, Andras Csomai
CLAIM: 1. A system comprising: distributed computing devices represented by leaf nodes; memory storing an index of documents, the index being distributed across multiple computing devices, the documents being assigned to respective computing devices, and wherein a first document is in a first set of documents assigned to a first leaf node and a second document is in a second set of documents assigned to the first leaf node, the first document being a base document, wherein: terms in the first document are identified as document sharded and posting lists for the terms in the first document are stored in fast memory at the first leaf node, and posting lists for at least some terms in the second docum
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY Implementations combine a document-sharded index with a term-sharded index, balancing I/O operations with network traffic considerations. The system may be a distributed system, with the index stored amongst a number of computing devices, also referred to as leaves. The system may assign indexed documents to a leaf. The indexed documents may be assigned to one of two or more sets, e.g., base documents or extended documents. At indexing time the system may generate posting lists for the terms included in the documents. Whether a term appears in a term-sharded posting list or a document-sharded posting list may be based on the document type in which the term appears. In general, 

===== US8042112B1 | Scheduler for search engine crawler | 2003-07-03 | Huican Zhu, Maximilian Ibel, Anurag Acharya, Howard Bradley Gobioff
CLAIM: 1. A scheduler system for a search engine crawler, comprising: a memory for storing a set of document identifiers corresponding to documents on a network and associated status data collected during one or more previous crawls by the search engine crawler; and a plurality of schedulers configured to select a subset of the document identifiers for crawling, at least some of the schedulers configured to compute priority scores for the subset of document identifiers and to schedule for crawling at least a portion of the subset of document identifiers based on the priority scores and status data; wherein the scheduling includes removing from the subset one or more document identifiers that were u
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY A search engine crawler includes a set of schedulers that are associated with one or more segments of document identifiers (e.g., URLs) corresponding to documents on a network (e.g., WWW). Each scheduler handles the scheduling of document identifiers (for crawling) for a subset of the known document identifiers. Using a starting set of document identifiers, such as the document identifiers crawled (or scheduled for crawling) during the most recent completed crawl, the scheduler removes from the starting set those document identifiers that have been unreachable in one or more previous crawls. Other filtering mechanisms may also be used to filter out some of the document identifi

===== US8666964B1 | Quản lý các mục trong lịch crawl | 2005-04-25 | Jesse L. Alpert
CLAIM: 1. A method of determining a schedule for recrawling items including: estimating, using a processor of one or more devices, a change period for each of a set of items to be crawled; generating, using a processor of the one or more devices, a crawl list of items where each item on the crawl list is overdue to be crawled in accordance with the change period for the item and with when the item was last crawled; selecting, using a processor of the one or more devices, a sorting method from multiple different sorting methods based on one or more different factors; and sorting, using a processor of the one or more devices, the crawl list prior to crawling the items on the crawl list using the sele
SUMMARY:  ## BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION Search appliances, such as are used in conjunction with an intranet, typically receive an initial list of URLs to crawl, crawl those URLs, and create an index based on the documents retrieved. Recrawls are typically performed in sequence—the first page crawled is also the first page recrawled. The result can be that less important pages and pages which change infrequently that appear earlier in the URL list are crawled before other, more important pages. Since a crawler can only crawl a finite number of pages in a given time period, situations can arise where less important or unchanged pages may be crawled to the exclusion of more important or changed pages

===== US8386459B1 | Lập lịch crawl lại | 2005-04-25 | David B. Auerbach, Jesse L. Alpert
CLAIM: 1. A method for determining a recrawl schedule of items on an intranet using a search appliance, the method comprising: estimating, using a search appliance installed on an intranet, a change period for items on the intranet using a history of crawl information for the items, the change period for an item being a frequency of change in content of the item; calculating, using the search appliance, a crawl period for each of the items, the crawl period for an item being set relative to the change period for the item; determining, using the search appliance, whether to adjust the calculated crawl period for each of the items using adjustment criteria, wherein the adjustment criteria includes a 
SUMMARY:  ## CROSS REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATIONS This application is a continuation application of Ser. No. 11/113,819, filed on Apr. 25, 2005, and titled “Scheduling A Recrawl,” which is hereby incorporated by reference in its entirety. ## BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION Search appliances, such as are used in conjunction with an intranet, typically receive an initial list of URLs to crawl, crawl those URLs, and create an index based on the documents retrieved. Recrawls are typically performed in sequence—the first page crawled is also the first page recrawled. The result can be that less important pages and pages which change infrequently that appear earlier in the URL list are crawled before 

===== US7774782B1 | Giới hạn số request của crawler tới một host | 2003-12-18 | Catalin T. Popescu, Anurag Acharya
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method of limiting requests to a web host by multiple competing web crawlers of a search engine, comprising on a server system: receiving from a plurality of web crawlers a stream of capacity requests for a plurality of web hosts, each web host having a specified maximum allowed load level comprising a predefined number of web crawler download requests per unit time; for each pair of requesting web crawler and requested web host, creating a lease between the web host and the web crawler, the lease including an identity of the web crawler, an identity of the web host, a load capacity allocated to the web crawler and a lease update time prior to a lease expire time at
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY A system for balancing a web host's load capacity among multiple competing web crawlers of a search engine receives from a plurality of web crawlers a stream of capacity requests for a plurality of web hosts. Each web host has an associated maximum load capacity—representing the maximum number of document requests that the web crawlers may collectively issue to the web host during each unit of time (e.g., a maximum number of requests per minute). For each pair of requesting web crawler and requested web host, the system creates a lease between the web host and the web crawler. The lease includes an identity of the web crawler, an identity of the web host, a load capacity alloca

===== US8868541B2 | Lập lịch crawl tài liệu | 2011-01-21 | Zhen Lin, Keith Stevens
CLAIM: 1. A method implemented by data processing apparatus, the method comprising: crawling a plurality of resources multiple times; determining a respective prominent section for each resource based on, at least, visual dimensions of a rendering of the section; determining a respective change frequency for each resource, wherein the change frequency is based on, at least, detected changes to the respective prominent section of the resource; determining a crawl interval for each of the resources based on, at least, the respective change frequency of the resource, the crawl interval for each resource indicating a time between crawls of the resource; and for a first resource of the plurality of reso
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY A framework is provided for scheduling resource crawls such that a crawl scheduler determines the health of a document, i.e., whether it can be crawled, the popularity of the document, and the frequency of “interesting,” i.e., substantive, content changes, and based on this information, estimates an appropriate crawl interval for each web resource to improve crawl resource utilization. In general, one innovative aspect of the subject matter described in this specification can be embodied in methods that include the actions of crawling a plurality of resources multiple times to determine a respective change frequency for each resource wherein the change frequency is based at le

===== US8533226B1 | Xác minh và thu hồi quyền sở hữu website trong hệ thống index | 2006-08-04 | Vanessa Fox, Ekta H. Manaktala, Michael E. Noth, Grace Kwak, Narayanan Shivakumar
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method for managing indexing for a website, the method comprising: storing owners-information associated with a plurality of currently verified owners of the website; indexing one or more documents in the website in accordance with indexing information received from one or more of the plurality of currently verified owners of the website so as to produce an inverse document index; providing to a respective one of the plurality of currently verified owners at least a portion of the owners-information; and in response to a request from the respective one of the plurality of currently verified owners, re-verifying the plurality of currently verified owners of the websi
SUMMARY:  ## RELATED APPLICATIONS This application claims priority and benefit under 35 U.S.C. 119(e) to U.S. Provisional Patent Application No. 60/821,561, titled, “System and Method for Verifying and Revoking Ownership Rights with respect to a Website in a Website Indexing System,” filed Aug. 4, 2006 and to U.S. Provisional Patent Application No. 60/822,494, titled, “System and Method for Verifying and Revoking Ownership Rights with respect to a Website in a Website Indexing System,” filed Aug. 15, 2006, both of which are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety. This application further incorporates by reference the following applications in their entirety: U.S. Provisional Patent App

===== US7925655B1 | Lập lịch query trên các tầng index server | 2007-03-30 | Russell Power, Soham Mazumdar, Yonatan Zunger
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method for generating a query schedule for executing a query for information from a corpus of documents, the query comprising a phrase tree, the phrase tree having a plurality of nodes including phrase nodes and operator nodes, each phrase node being associated with a phrase of the query, the query being executed by a plurality of index servers, wherein at least some different ones of the index servers are associated with different phrase posting lists for phrases contained in the corpus of documents; the method comprising: determining, via at least one processor of a computer system, a query cost estimate for each phrase node of the phrase tree; assigning, via at l
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION An information retrieval system and methodology uses phrases to index and search documents in the document collection. Phrases are also used to decompose inputs (e.g., queries) into phrase trees, to schedule and optimize the execution of searches, to support the updating and maintenance of the indexes, and to support bifurcated relevance scoring of documents. In one aspect, an information retrieval system includes an indexing system and index server architecture based on phrases. Phrases are extracted from a document collection in a manner that identifies real phrases as used in by language users, as opposed to mere combinations of words. Generally, this is do
