
===== US6285999B1 | Phương pháp xếp hạng node trong cơ sở dữ liệu liên kết (PageRank gốc) | 1997-01-10 | Lawrence Page
CLAIM: 1. A computer implemented method of scoring a plurality of linked documents, comprising: obtaining a plurality of documents, at least some of the documents being linked documents, at least some of the documents being linking documents, and at least some of the documents being both linked documents and linking documents, each of the linked documents being pointed to by a link in one or more of the linking documents; assigning a score to each of the linked documents based on scores of the one or more linking documents and processing the linked documents according to their scores.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY Various aspects of the present invention provide systems and methods for ranking documents in a linked database. One aspect provides an objective ranking based on the relationship between documents. Another aspect of the invention is directed to a technique for ranking documents within a database whose content has a large variation in quality and importance. Another aspect of the present invention is to provide a document ranking method that is scalable and can be applied to extremely large databases such as the world wide web. Additional aspects of the invention will become apparent in view of the following description and associated figures. One aspect of the present invention is directed to taking advantage of the linked structure of a database to assign a rank to each document in the database, where the document rank is a measure of the importance of a document. Rather than determining relevance only from the intrinsic content of a document, or from the anchor text of backlinks to the document, a method consistent with the invention determines importance from the extrinsic relationships between documents. Intuitively, a document should be important (regardless of its content) if it is highly cited by other documents. Not all citations, however, are necessarily 

===== US6799176B1 | Phương pháp chấm điểm tài liệu trong cơ sở dữ liệu liên kết | 1997-01-10 | Lawrence Page
CLAIM: 1. A computer implemented method for scoring documents, at least some of the documents containing links to other ones of the documents, the method comprising: determining a probability that a searcher will access each of the documents after following a number of the links; and scoring each of the documents based on the determined probability.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION Various aspects of the present invention provide systems and methods for ranking documents in a linked database. One aspect provides an objective ranking based on the relationship between documents. Another aspect of the invention is directed to a technique for ranking documents within a database whose content has a large variation in quality and importance. Another aspect of the present invention is to provide a document ranking method that is scalable and can be applied to extremely large databases such as the world wide web. Additional aspects of the invention will become apparent in view of the following description and associated figures. One aspect of the present invention is directed to taking advantage of the linked structure of a database to assign a rank to each document in the database, where the document rank is a measure of the importance of a document. Rather than determining relevance only from the intrinsic content of a document, or from the anchor text of backlinks to the document, a method consistent with the invention determines importance from the extrinsic relationships between documents. Intuitively, a document should be important (regardless of its content) if it is highly cited by other documents. Not all citations, however,

===== US7269587B1 | Chấm điểm tài liệu trong cơ sở dữ liệu liên kết (PageRank) | 1997-01-10 | Lawrence Page
CLAIM: 1. A computer implemented method for calculating an importance rank for N linked nodes of a linked database, the method comprising: (a) selecting an initial N-dimensional vector p0, wherein each component of p0 represents a probability that a user will start at a given node, wherein each node of the N linked nodes is a computer-readable document containing information; (b) computing an approximation pn to a steady-state probability p∞, wherein each component of p∞ represents a probability that the user will randomly end up at a particular node after following a number of forward links, in accordance with the equation pn=Anp0, where A is an N×N transition probability matrix having elements A[i][j] representing a probability of moving from node i to node j; and (c) determining a rank r[k] for a node k from a kth component of pn, wherein r[k] represents an importance of the information contained in node k.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY Various aspects of the present invention provide systems and methods for ranking documents in a linked database. One aspect provides an objective ranking based on the relationship between documents. Another aspect of the invention is directed to a technique for ranking documents within a database whose content has a large variation in quality and importance. Another aspect of the present invention is to provide a document ranking method that is scalable and can be applied to extremely large databases such as the world wide web. Additional aspects of the invention will become apparent in view of the following description and associated figures. Because citations, or links, are ways of directing attention, the important documents correspond to those documents to which the most attention is directed. Thus, a high rank indicates that a document is considered valuable by many people or by important people. Most likely, these are the pages to which someone performing a search would like to direct his or her attention. Looked at another way, the importance of a page is directly related to the steady-state probability that a random web surfer ends up at the page after following a large number of links. Because there is a larger probability that a surfer will end up at an i

===== US7716225B1 | Xếp hạng tài liệu dựa trên hành vi người dùng và đặc điểm link (Reasonable Surfer) | 2004-06-17 | Jeffrey A. Dean, Corin Anderson, Alexis Battle
CLAIM: 1. A method performed by one or more server devices, comprising: storing, in a memory associated with the one or more server devices, feature data associated with a plurality of first links, within a plurality of first source documents, that point to a plurality of first target documents, the feature data, for one of the plurality of first links, including one or more features of one of the plurality of first source documents that contains the one of the plurality of links, one or more features of one of the plurality of first target documents that is pointed to by the one of the plurality of links, and one or more features of the one of the plurality of first links; storing, in a memory associated with the one or more server devices, user behavior data relating to user navigational activity with regard to the plurality of first source documents accessed by one or more users and the plurality of first links within the plurality of first source documents selected by the one or more users; training, using one or more processors of the one or more server devices and based on the feature data and the user behavior data, a model that identifies a probability that a particular link, with particular feature data, will be selected by a user, where training the model includes: analyzing t
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY According to one aspect, a method may include generating a model based on user behavior data associated with a group of documents. The method may also include assigning weights to links based on the model, where the links may include references from first documents to second documents in a set of documents, and assigning ranks to the second documents based on ranks of the first documents and the weights assigned to the links. According to another aspect, a system may include means for generating a model based on user behavior data relating to links in a group of documents and feature data associated with the links. The system may also include means for assigning weights to references in a set of documents based on the model and means for assigning ranks to documents in the set of documents based on the weights assigned to the references. According to yet another aspect, a system may include a memory and a processor. The memory may store user behavior data relating to a group of documents and feature data associated with the documents. The processor may generate a model based on the user behavior data and the feature data, assign a weight to a link from a first document to a second document in a set of documents based on the model, and assign a rank to the second d

===== US9165040B1 | Xếp hạng trang bằng khoảng cách trong đồ thị link (Seed-set PageRank) | 2006-10-12 | Nissan Hajaj
CLAIM: 1. A method for producing a ranking for pages on the web, comprising: receiving a plurality of web pages, wherein the plurality of web pages are inter-linked with page links; receiving n seed pages, each seed page including at least one outgoing link to a respective web page in the plurality of web pages, wherein n is an integer greater than one; assigning, by one or more computers, a respective length to each page link and each outgoing link; identifying, by the one or more computers and from among the n seed pages, a kth-closest seed page to a first web page in the plurality of web pages according to the lengths of the links, wherein k is greater than one and less than n; determining a ranking score for the first web page from a shortest distance from the kth-closest seed page to the first web page; and producing a ranking for the first web page from the ranking score.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY One embodiment of the present invention provides a system that produces a ranking for pages on the web. During operation, the system receives a set of pages to be ranked, wherein the set of pages are interconnected with links. The system also receives a set of seed pages which include outgoing links to the set of pages. The system then assigns lengths to the links based on properties of the links and properties of the pages attached to the links. The system next computes shortest distances from the set of seed pages to each page in the set of pages based on the lengths of the links between the pages. Next, the system determines a ranking score for each page in the set of pages based on the computed shortest distances. The system then produces a ranking for the set of pages based on the ranking scores for the set of pages. In a variation on this embodiment, the system assigns a length to a link by computing a function of the number of outgoing links from the source page of the link. In a further variation on this embodiment, the function is a monotonic non-decreasing function of the number of outgoing links from the source page, so that the length of the link increases as the number of outgoing links from the source page increases. In a variation on this embodimen

===== US10270791B1 | Ma trận chuyển tiếp giữa các entity tìm kiếm và ứng dụng | 2009-12-07 | Diego Federici
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method for identifying spam, the method comprising: receiving data identifying a first session as spam; computing a first spam score for a first query using a transition probability from the first session to the first query, where the transition probability from the first session to the first query is an estimate of a strength of a relationship between the first session and the first query based on the number of queries submitted in the first session; and determining that the first query is spam based on the strength of the relationship between the first session and the first query, wherein the strength of the relationship between the first session and the first query is represented by the first spam score.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY This specification describes technologies relating to relationships between search entities. In general, one aspect of the subject matter described in this specification can be embodied an article of manufacture, including a computer readable medium and information stored in the computer readable medium including data identifying entities, where the entities include entities having a type of a query, entities having a type of a document responsive to queries, and entities having a type of: a session of queries, a time at which a query is submitted, an anchor in a document, or a domain associated with a document. The information stored in the computer readable medium further includes transition probabilities for first pairs of entities, where each transition probability represents a strength of a relationship between a first pair of entities having types of query and document as they are related in search history data. The information further includes transition probabilities for second pairs of entities, where each transition probability represents a strength of a relationship between a second pair of entities having types of document and a type other than query as they are related in the search history data. This and other embodiments can each optionally include 

===== US8825645B1 | Xác định chất lượng tài liệu được liên kết | 2004-06-30 | Krishna Bharat, Amit Singhal, Paul Haahr
CLAIM: 1. A method performed by one or more devices, the method comprising: identifying, by one or more processors of the one or more devices, a plurality of documents, a first document, of the identified plurality of documents, being linked to by a second document, of the identified plurality of documents, the second document and a third document, of the identified plurality of documents, being in a set of affiliated documents; calculating, by one or more processors of the one or more devices, a first value for each document in the set of affiliated documents, calculating the first value for each document in the set of affiliated documents being based on: a ranking score of the document, and a number of outbound links from the document; determining, by one or more processors of the one or more devices, that the first value calculated for the third document is a maximum of the first values calculated for each document in the set of affiliated documents; assigning, by one or more processors of the one or more devices, a ranking score to the first document based on the first value calculated for the third document; and storing, by one or more processors of the one or more devices, the ranking score.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION One aspect consistent with the principles of the invention is directed to a method that includes identifying a plurality of linked documents and assigning ranking scores to the linked documents. The ranking scores are based on the links between the documents and based on affiliation among the documents. Another aspect includes a device for assigning ranking scores to documents that quantify a quality of the documents. The device includes a collection of linked documents and a set location component to identify affiliations among documents in the collection of linked documents. The device further includes a ranking component that assigns the ranking scores to the documents in the collection based on the links between the documents and based on the identified affiliations among the documents. Yet another aspect is directed to a search system that includes a search engine to locate a set of documents from a corpus of documents that are relevant to a user search query. The search engine returns the set of documents to the user in an order based on ranking scores associated with the documents in the set of documents. A ranking component computes the ranking scores based on the links between documents in the corpus of documents and based on affiliation 

===== US10210256B2 | Index thẻ anchor trong hệ thống web crawler | 2003-07-03 | Huican Zhu, Jeffrey Dean, Sanjay Ghemawat, Bwolen Po-Jen Yang, Anurag Acharya
CLAIM: 1. A system comprising: at least one processor; an index for searching documents, the index including terms associated with documents; and memory storing instructions that, when executed by the at least one processor, perform operations including: obtaining, via a web crawler, a source document, identifying, in the source document, annotation text, the annotation text being text within a predetermined distance of an outbound link to a target document and the annotation text including at least one term, storing in the index an association between the term and the source document, storing in the index, responsive to identifying the annotation text, an association between the term and the target document, identifying, responsive to receiving a query that includes the term, the source document and the target document as associated with the term in the index, responsive to identifying the associations, including the source document and the target document in a list of documents responsive to the query, and returning the list of documents responsive to the query as a search result for the query.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The present invention addresses the problems alluded to above by enabling information from other documents in a collection of linked documents to be included in the part of an index that corresponds to a particular document. Some embodiments associate a subset of the text on a first web page containing a link to a second web page with an index entry corresponding to the second web page. This is advantageous where the first web page contains a more accurate description of the second web page than the text of the second web page itself. Additionally, some types of web pages (e.g., image files, video files, programs, and so on) contain little or no textual information that can be indexed by a text-based index. For these types of pages, textual information on pages linking to the page may be the only source of textual information about the page. Further advantages of this approach include the ability to index a web page before the web page has been crawled. Currently, the collection of web pages residing on the Internet include pages whose content changes rapidly, pages that are unpublished and republished frequently, and multimedia pages that may have little or no textual content. The present invention, which facilitates indexing information about a do

===== US8595270B2 | Anchor nhân tạo cho tài liệu (link tới đoạn trong trang) | 2003-12-31 | David P. Marmaros, Benedict A. Gomes, Krishna Bharat
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method, comprising: receiving, for each target document of a plurality of target documents that a search engine has identified in response to a query, an address of the target document, the target document including query-relevant text at an intra-document portion of the target document; for each address of the target document of the target documents: generating an artificial anchor, the artificial anchor corresponding to the intra-document portion of the target document and undefined in the target document; appending the artificial anchor to the address of the target document; and providing, to a client device, a plurality of search results, wherein each search result of the search results identifies a corresponding target document and includes the address of the target document appended with the artificial anchor as a search result link to the target document; wherein the artificial anchor includes a preassigned artificial anchor designator designating the artificial anchor to an artificial anchor module in the client device, and wherein the artificial anchor includes the preassigned artificial anchor designator as either a prefix or a suffix and wherein the preassigned artificial anchor designator includes a preassigned set of text characters, and the
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION Disclosed herein are apparatus, methods and systems for linking to an intra-document portion of a target document. In an implementation, a method includes receiving an address for a target document identified by a search engine in response to a query, the target document including query-relevant text that identifies an intra document portion of the target document, the intra-document portion including the query relevant text; generating an artificial anchor, the artificial anchor corresponding to the intra document portion; and appending the artificial anchor to the address. The artificial anchor can be undefined in the target document. Other embodiments of this aspect include corresponding systems, apparatus, and computer program products. In another implementation, a method includes receiving a plurality of search results at a client device in response to a search query, each of the search results including a uniform resource locator identifying a corresponding target document and an artificial anchor corresponding to an intra-document portion of the corresponding target document, the intra-document portion including query-relevant text that identifies the intra document portion of the corresponding target document; in response to a selection of 

===== US8719276B1 | Xếp hạng node dựa trên tính độc lập giữa các node | 2003-11-13 | Paul Haahr, Martin Kaszkiel, Amit Singhal
CLAIM: 1. A system comprising: one or more computers configured to: identify a plurality of nodes, each node, of the plurality of nodes, representing a respective document, and the plurality of nodes including one or more linking nodes, each linking node including a link to a respective node in the plurality of nodes; generate one or more clusters of affiliated nodes from the plurality of nodes, where the affiliated nodes, of each cluster of affiliated nodes, are one or more of: owned by a common entity, or controlled by the common entity; determine a vote value for a link from a linking node, of the one or more linking nodes, to a particular node in the plurality of nodes, where the vote value is determined based on whether the linking node and the particular node are in a same cluster of affiliated nodes; adjust the determined vote value, when the linking node and the particular node are in the same cluster, to determine an adjusted vote value, where the adjusted vote value is determined by dividing the determined vote value by a quantity of nodes in the same cluster; and determine a ranking value for the particular node based on the adjusted vote value for the link.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION One aspect of the invention is directed to a method including identifying a plurality of linked nodes and assigning ranking values to the linked nodes based on the links between the nodes. The ranking values are assigned such that a first one of the linked nodes that was previously assigned a relatively low ranking value contributes to the assigned ranking values an amount based on the previously assigned ranking value diluted by a first amount, and a second one of the linked nodes that was previously assigned a relatively high ranking value contributes to the assigned ranking values an amount based on the previously assigned ranking value and diluted by a second amount. Another aspect of the invention includes identifying a plurality of linked nodes and assigning ranking values to the linked nodes based on the links between the nodes. The ranking values are assigned such that a first one of the linked nodes that was previously assigned a first ranking value contributes to the assigned ranking values a first amount based on the previously assigned first ranking value and a second one of the linked nodes that was previously assigned a second ranking value contributes to the assigned ranking values a second amount based on the previously assigned sec

===== US8762225B1 | Chấm điểm tài liệu (sách) | 2004-09-30 | Jeffrey A. Dean, Lauren Baptist, Scott Davies, Angshuman Guha, Joseph Kieran O'Sullivan, Adam M. Smith
CLAIM: 1. A system comprising: one or more processors to: receive a search query that includes a search term; identify a first document related to the search term; determine a first score for the first document based on a factor related to the search term; determine that the first document corresponds to a book that has appeared in a best seller list, the best seller list including a list of books that have been purchased a greater number of times than other books in a particular time period; determine a location from which the search query is received; determine a second score for the first document based on the first document corresponding to a book that has appeared in a best seller list in the location from which the search query is received, the second score being higher than a particular score based on the first document corresponding to the book that has appeared in the best seller list in the location from which the search query is received, the particular score being for a second document that appears on another best seller list in another location that does not match the location from which the search query is received; generate a combined score for the first document based on the first score and the second score; and provide information associated with the first document as a
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY According to one aspect, a method may include determining whether a document corresponds to a book that has appeared in a best seller list and scoring the document based on whether the document corresponds to a book that has appeared in a best seller list. According to another aspect, a method may include determining a number of copies of a book that have been sold and scoring a document that corresponds to the book based on the number of copies of the book that have been sold. According to yet another aspect, a method may include identifying a publisher associated with a document, determining a number of documents that the publisher has sold, and scoring the document based on the number of documents that the publisher has sold. According to a further aspect, a method may include identifying an author associated with a document, determining a number of documents that the author has sold, and scoring the document based on the number of documents that the author has sold. According to another aspect, a method may include identifying a publisher or author associated with a document, locating a web document associated with the publisher or author, determining a score associated with the web document, and assigning a score to the document based on the determined scor

===== US8768932B1 | Xếp hạng kết quả tìm kiếm theo thuộc tính | 2007-05-14 | Varun Kacholia, Ashutosh Garg
CLAIM: 1. A method comprising: receiving, by one or more devices, a query that includes one or more terms; searching, by the one or more devices, a dataset, using the one or more terms, to obtain search results; obtaining, by the one or more devices, a user-specified attribute identifier that identifies an attribute to be used in ranking the search results, the identified attribute being different from a measure of relevance of the search results to the query; calculating, by the one or more devices, a combined score for each search result, included in the search results, based on the attribute value and a value corresponding to the measure of relevance of the search result to the query; ranking, by the one or more devices, the search results based on the combined score calculated for each search result to form a first ranking of search results; dividing, by the one or more devices and based on a threshold value associated with the measure of relevance of the search results to the query, the first ranking of search results into subsets of ranked search results, the subsets of ranked search results including a first subset of ranked search results and a second subset of ranked search results; ranking, by the one or more devices, search results included in the first subset of ranked searc
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY One embodiment of the present invention provides a system for ranking search-results. During operation, the system receives a query, wherein the query includes one or more terms. The system subsequently searches a dataset using the one or more terms to obtain search-results. Next, the system receives an attribute-identifier, which identifies an attribute for the obtained search-results. Then, for each search-result, the system calculates a combined score based on an attribute-value for the identified attribute, and a relevance-score for the search-result. The system then ranks the search-results based on combined scores associated with the search-results. Finally, the system presents the ranked search-results to a user. In a variation on this embodiment, the query can include the attribute-identifier. In a variation on this embodiment, the attribute can be: a price, a rating, an image size, an image resolution, a video length, an audio length, a text length, a file size, a date, a time, an expiration date, and a quantity. In a variation on this embodiment, calculating the combined score can include normalizing the combined score. In a variation on this embodiment, calculating the combined score includes applying weights to the relevance-score and the attribute-v

===== US8086594B1 | Chấm điểm liên quan tài liệu theo hai nhánh | 2007-03-30 | Pei Cao, Soham Mazumdar, Vaibhav Mehta, Yonatan Zunger
CLAIM: 1. A computer implemented method for bifurcated document relevance scoring of documents in a document collection, the method comprising: indexing a plurality of documents in the document collection by: providing a set of phrases; for a plurality of documents in the document collection: identifying a plurality of phrases from the set of phrases that occurs in the document; for each phrase in a plurality of the identified phrases, scoring the phrase to produce a phrase relevance score for the phrase with respect to the document, and storing the phrase relevance score for the document in a phrase posting list for the phrase; receiving a search query of three or more words; determining a set of valid phrases in the search query by: decomposing, by at least one processor of a computer system, the query into a plurality of candidate phrasifications, including different groupings of words of the query, each candidate phrasification comprising a disjoint union of component phrases, and each component phrase including at least one word or related word of the query; scoring, by at least one of the processors of the computer system, at least two candidate phrasifications, wherein the candidate phrasifications include one or more component phrases, wherein the scoring is based on a probabili
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION An information retrieval system and methodology uses phrases to index and search documents in the document collection. Phrases are also used to decompose inputs (e.g., queries) into phrase trees, to schedule and optimize the execution of searches, to support the updating and maintenance of the indexes, and to support bifurcated relevance scoring of documents. In one aspect, an information retrieval system includes an indexing system and index server architecture based on phrases. Phrases are extracted from a document collection in a manner that identifies real phrases as used in by language users, as opposed to mere combinations of words. Generally, this is done by collecting a large body of word sequences that are candidates phrases based on the structural features in the documents. Each candidate phrase is given a document phrase score for each document in which it appears, in a manner that reflects its likelihood of being a real phrase based on its position within a document, and the extent to which it occurs independently or jointly with other candidate phrases in the document. In addition, each candidate phrase is processed so as to identify any subphrases therein, which are similarly scored. Each candidate phrase's individual document phrase 

===== US6754873B1 | Tìm tài liệu liên quan bằng phân tích liên kết | 1999-09-20 | Kin Lun Law, Georges R. Harik
CLAIM: 1. A computer implemented method of generating lists of related hyperlinked documents, comprising: providing a first set of hyperlinked documents that have a forward link to a selected hyperlinked document and a second set of hyperlinked documents that are pointed to by the forward links in the hyperlinked documents of the first set; assigning values to the forward links in the hyperlinked documents in the first set, the value being reduced for a forward link if there are multiple hyperlinked documents from the same host as the hyperlinked document that includes the forward link; wherein the value is further reduced by dividing the value based on a number of forward links in the hyperlinked documents that includes the forward link plus a predetermined amount; generating a score for each hyperlinked document in the second set based on the values of the forward links pointing to the hyperlinked document, and generating a first list of related hyperlinked documents from the second set based on the scores of the hyperlinked documents; wherein the selected hyperlinked document is displayed in result of a search and a user request to display the first list for the selected hyperlinked document.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The present invention provides innovative techniques for finding related hyperlinked ocuments using link-based analysis. The link structure of the hyperlinked documents is analyzed in order to find hyperlinked documents that are related to and at the same level of generality of a hyperlinked document. The invention can be utilized any number of ways including as an additional feature for a word-based search engine or as an addition on a web browser. Some specific embodiments of the invention are described below. In one embodiment, the invention provides a computer implemented method of generating lists of hyperlinked documents that are related to a given or selected hyperlinked document. A first set of hyperlinked documents that have a forward link to the selected hyperlinked document is provided. Additionally, a second set of hyperlinked documents that are pointed to by the forward links in the hyperlinked documents in the first set is provided. A value is assigned to each forward link in each of the hyperlinked documents in the first set, with the value being reduced for a forward link if there are multiple hyperlinked documents from the same host as the hyperlinked document that includes the forward link. A score is generated for each hyperlinke

===== US8959093B1 | Xếp hạng kết quả dựa trên anchor | 2010-03-15 | Ajay P. Nerurkar
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method comprising: obtaining, at a computer system, a plurality of search results in response to a query, the plurality of search results including a first reference to a first document and a second reference to a second document; determining that the first document referenced in the plurality of search results includes a link to the second document referenced in the plurality of search results; in response to determining that the first document referenced in the plurality of search results includes a link to the second document referenced in the plurality of search results, computing a quality of result statistic for the second document based on: a first measure of previous user selections of the first document when the first document was referenced by a search result provided for the query, and a second measure of previous user selections of the second document when the second document was referenced by a search result provided for the query; and providing, by the computer system, the quality of result statistic for the second document as input to a document ranking process, the ranking process configured to rank the plurality of search results for the query.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY In general, one aspect of the subject matter described in this specification can be embodied in a method for providing input to a document ranking process for ranking a plurality of documents, the document ranking process taking as input a quality of result statistic for an individual document in the plurality of documents, the plurality of documents having been identified in response to a query, the quality of results statistic being for the query and the individual document. The method for providing input to a document ranking process can include, for a first document identified as a search result of a user-submitted query, receiving information regarding an anchor contained within the first document, where the anchor is a portion of the first document that provides a link to a second document. The method for providing input to a document ranking process can further include deriving a quality of result statistic for the second document from at least a portion of first data associated with the first document and the user-submitted query, the first data being indicative of user behavior relative to the first document as a search result for the user-submitted query. The method for providing input to a document ranking process can additionally include providing the fi

===== US6526440B1 | Xếp hạng lại kết quả dựa trên mức liên kết nội bộ trong tập kết quả | 2001-01-30 | Krishna Bharat
CLAIM: 1. A method of identifying documents relevant to a search query, comprising: obtaining an initial set of relevant documents from a corpus; ranking the initial set of documents to obtain a relevance score for each document in the initial set of documents; calculating a local score value for at least two of the documents in the initial set, the local score value quantifying an amount that the at least two documents are referenced by other documents in the initial set of documents; and refining the relevance scores for the documents in the initial set based on the local score values.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION Systems and methods consistent with the present invention address this and other needs by providing an improved search engine that refines a document's relevance score based on inter-connectivity of the document within a set of relevant documents. In one aspect, the present invention is directed to a method of identifying documents relevant to a search query. The method includes generating an initial set of relevant documents from a corpus based on a matching of terms in a search query to the corpus. Further, the method ranks the generated set of documents to obtain a relevance score for each document and calculates a local score value for the documents in the generated set, the local score value quantifying an amount that the documents are referenced by other documents in the generated set of documents. Finally, the method refines the relevance scores for the documents in the generated set based on the local score values. ## BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS The accompanying drawings, which are incorporated in and constitute a part of this specification, illustrate an embodiment of the invention and, together with the description, explain the invention. In the drawings, FIG. 1 is a diagram illustrating an exemplary system in which concepts co

===== US7260573B1 | Cá nhân hóa điểm anchor text trong search engine | 2004-05-17 | Glen Jeh, Taher H. Haveliwala, Sepandar D. Kamvar
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method of determining a personalized ranking of a document that satisfies a set of query terms, comprising: determining an information retrieval score for the document based on its content and the set of query terms; identifying a set of source documents that have links to the document and that have anchor text satisfying a predefined requirement with respect to the set of query terms; calculating personalized page importance scores of the identified source documents according to a set of user-specific parameters; accumulating a personalized anchor text score for the document as a function of the personalized page importance scores of the identified source documents; and generating a personalized ranking for the document based on its information retrieval score and personalized anchor text score.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY In a method of personalizing the search results produced by a search engine, in accordance with a set of user-specific parameters, a search engine produces a set of search results in response to a query. The search results identify a set of documents, each of which is assigned an information retrieval score based on its content and the query terms. In some embodiments, the information retrieval score is a query dependent score that does not take into account the user-specific parameters. For a document in the identified set of documents, the method identifies a set of source documents having links to the document. The anchor text of each of the identified source documents is examined to determine if the anchor text satisfies a predefined requirement with respect to the query terms. After identifying the source documents whose anchor text satisfies the predefined requirement, a personalized page importance score is computed for each of the identified source documents according to the set of user-specific parameters. A personalized anchor text score is generated for the document by accumulating the personalized page importance scores of the identified source documents. The personalized anchor text score of a document is combined with the document's information retrie

===== US8386495B1 | Đồ thị tài liệu mở rộng để chấm điểm tài liệu | 2010-04-23 | Mark M. Sandler, Dandapani Sivakumar
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method, comprising: generating, by a data processing apparatus, a resource graph, the resource graph including nodes representing resources, nodes representing queries for resources, edges between nodes representing resources, and edges between nodes representing queries and nodes representing resources, wherein each edge between two nodes representing respective resources represents a link from one of the resources to another one of the resources and each edge between a node representing a resource and a node representing a query represents a user selection of a search result for the resource from search results responsive to the query; calculating, by the data processing apparatus, a score for each of the resources, wherein the score for a particular resource is based, at least in part, on scores for resources represented by nodes with edges to a node representing the particular resource in the resource graph and scores for queries represented by nodes that have an edge to the node representing the particular resource in the resource graph; and ranking, by the data processing apparatus, one or more of the resources in response to a query received from a user based, at least in part, on the scores for the resources; wherein the resource graph further in
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY In general, one innovative aspect of the subject matter described in this specification can be embodied in methods that include the actions of generating a resource graph, the graph including nodes representing resources, nodes representing queries for resources, edges between nodes representing resources, and edges between nodes representing queries and nodes representing resources, wherein each edge between two nodes representing respective resources represents a link from one of the resources to the other resource and each edge between a node representing a resource and a node representing a query represents a user selection of a search result for the resource from search results responsive to the query; calculating a score for each of the resources, wherein the score for a particular resource is based on scores for resources represented by nodes with edges to the node representing particular resource in the graph and scores for queries represented by nodes that have an edge to the node representing particular resource in the graph; and ranking one or more of the resources in response to a first query received from a user based, at least in part, on the scores. Other embodiments of this aspect include corresponding systems, apparatus, and computer programs record

===== US8577893B1 | Xếp hạng dựa trên ngữ cảnh của tham chiếu (link) | 2004-03-15 | Anna Patterson, Paul Haahr
CLAIM: 1. A method performed by a device, comprising: identifying a link in a first document, the link being associated with a second document; analyzing a first portion of text to the left of the link in the first document; analyzing a second portion of text to the right of the link in the first document; identifying a first rare word from the text in the first portion, where the first rare word is identified as a rare word based on a frequency of occurrence of the first rare word in a set of documents; identifying a second rare word from the text in the second portion, where the second rare word is identified as a rare word based on a frequency of occurrence of the second rare word in the set of documents; creating a context identifier based only on the first and second rare words; and ranking the second document within a list of search results based on the context identifier.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION According to one aspect consistent with the principles of the invention, a method may include identifying a link in a first document, where the link is associated with a second document. The method may also include analyzing a first portion of text to the left of the link in the first document, analyzing a second portion of text to the right of the link in the first document, identifying a first rare word from the text in the first portion, identifying a second rare word from the text in the second portion, and creating a context identifier based on the first and second rare words. The method may further include ranking the second document based on the context identifier. According to another aspect, a system may include a document analyzing component and a document ranking component. The document analyzing component may identify a reference in a first document, where the reference is associated with a second document. The document analyzing component may also analyze a portion of the first document associated with the reference, and create a context identifier based on the analyzed portion. The document ranking component may rank the second document based on the context identifier. According to yet another aspect, a method may include determining

===== US8127220B1 | Chấm điểm các link trong tài liệu | 1999-12-15 | Jeffrey A. Dean, Craig Silverstein, Lawrence E. Page
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method, comprising: identifying a document that is stored on a server in a network and that includes links to linked documents; determining scores for a plurality of the links in the identified document; modifying the identified document based on the determined scores, wherein modifying the identified document includes: reordering at least two of the links based on the determined scores, or sorting at least two of the links based on the determined scores, comparing the determined scores to a threshold, and deleting one of the links from the identified document when the determined score for the one of the links falls below the threshold; and providing the modified document to a user.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION Systems and methods consistent with the present invention address this and other needs through the use of mechanisms that assign a score to entries and order, delete, annotate, or otherwise visually distinguish them based on their scores. Thus, the systems and methods facilitate the selection of one or more of the entries by distinguishing entries of higher quality or greater importance from entries of lower quality or lesser importance. In accordance with the purpose of the invention as embodied and broadly described herein, a system modifies entries in documents to aid users in determining which of the entries to choose. The system identifies a document that includes one or more entries. The system determines a score for each of the entries and modifies the identified document, or the entries in the identified document, based on the determined scores. The system then provides the modified document to a user. In another implementation consistent with the present invention, a web browser includes instructions for requesting documents stored on at least one server, where each of the documents includes one or more entries. The web browser also includes instructions for determining scores for each of the entries, modifying the requested documents bas

===== US7213198B1 | Gom cụm tài liệu dựa trên liên kết | 1999-08-12 | Georges R. Harik
CLAIM: 1. An automated method, comprising: identifying a set of documents; determining whether first and second documents in the set of documents are similar based on a number of documents that point to both the first and second documents and a number of back links associated with the first and second documents, where a result of the determination of whether the first and second documents are similar is inversely proportional to the number of back links associated with the first and second documents; and forming a group from the first and second documents when the first and second documents are determined to be similar.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION Systems and methods consistent with the principles of the invention provide innovative techniques for grouping hyperlinked documents. In general, links near or in the neighborhood of the hyperlinked documents are analyzed in order to group hyperlinked documents by topic. For example, links that are search results can be grouped by identifying other hyperlinked documents that have multiple forward links to the search results. The search results can then be grouped according to the forward links of the other hyperlinked documents. Embodiments of the invention can therefore utilize the existing link structure of the Web to group the search results according to topic. Some specific embodiments are described below. In one embodiment, a computer implemented method of grouping hyperlinked documents is provided. Links to hyperlinked documents are received and other hyperlinked documents are identified that have forward links to the initial hyperlinked documents. The hyperlinked documents are grouped according to the forward links of the other hyperlinked documents. Where the hyperlinked documents are results from a search, the links to the hyperlinked documents can be displayed in groups separated graphically on the screen. In another embodiment, a comput

===== US8166046B1 | Bộ lọc link | 2007-09-11 | Jerry P. Krikheli, Shuman Ghosemajumder, Jeffery K. Eddings
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method, comprising: determining a score for each of one or more keywords, the one or more keywords being designated by an advertiser associated with an advertisement; ranking the one or more keywords by score; selecting one or more highest-ranked keywords to be published as the advertisement, wherein each keyword has an associated link to a landing page that includes advertisements related to the keyword; identifying one or more restricted terms including: receiving a category from a publisher of a webpage that is to present the advertisement; and identifying one or more terms associated with the category to be included as the one or more restricted terms; determining that a particular keyword of the one or more selected keywords matches an identified restricted term; replacing the matched keyword with a next highest-ranked keyword that was not selected to be published and that was not identified as a restricted term; and providing the advertisement including providing each keyword of the advertisement and associated link to a respective landing page.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY Disclosed herein are systems and methods of filtering link keywords. In one implementation, at least one keyword associated with a first content item is identified. Restricted terms are also identified. The at least one keyword is selected as a link, wherein the link does not contain the restricted terms. In another implementation, a first content item is identified, wherein the first content item is associated with at least one keyword. The at least one keyword is selected as a potential link associated with the first content item. Restricted terms are also identified, and the restricted terms are removed from the potential link. The potential link is selected as the actual link associated with the first content item. In another implementation, a system includes a data store configured to store a first content item and a content engine. The content engine identifies at least one keyword associated with a first content item, identifies restricted terms, and selects the at least one keyword as a link, wherein the link does not contain the restricted terms. ## BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 is a block diagram of an example online advertising system. FIG. 2 is a block diagram of an example content selection evaluation system. FIG. 3 is a flow diagram 

===== US8732187B1 | Xếp hạng theo link cho đối tượng không có link rõ ràng | 2007-04-09 | Yushi Jing, Henry A. Rowley, Shumeet Baluja
CLAIM: 1. A method comprising: determining, by one or more processors, transitional probabilities between images in a collection of images, a transitional probability being a likelihood that a user, accessing a first image, selects a second image, where the transitional probabilities are based on a conversion operation that relates a particular measure of similarity between the images to a particular transitional probability value; modifying, by the one or more processors, the transitional probabilities to form modified transitional probabilities based on an analysis of documents associated with the collection of images; calculating, by the one or more processors, scores that define a measure of quality for the images, the scores being calculated using the modified transitional probabilities; and providing, by the one or more processors, the images to users in an order based on the scores.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY One aspect is directed to a method that may include receiving a set of images for which ranking scores are to be calculated and determining transitional probabilities between images in the set of images, the transitional probabilities each being an estimate of a likelihood that a user viewing a first image is likely to select a second image. The method may further include calculating link-based ranking scores that each define a measure of quality for the images, the link-based ranking scores being calculated using the transitional probabilities as links between images in the set of images; and providing the images to users in an order influenced by the calculated link-based ranking scores. Yet another aspect is directed to a method that may include receiving a set of objects and generating virtual links between pairs of objects in the set of objects. The method may further include calculating a link-based ranking score for a first object in the set of objects based on the generated virtual links and presenting the first object to a user based on the link-based ranking score of the first object. Yet another aspect is directed to a system that comprises a server connected to a network to receive a search query from a user via the network. The server includes a datab

===== US7028029B2 | Tính toán xếp hạng thích ứng | 2003-03-28 | Sepandar D. Kamvar, Taher H. Haveliwala, Gene H. Golub
CLAIM: 1. A method for determining document rank values, comprising: iteratively solving a ranking function for a set of document rank values with respect to a set of linked documents until a first stability condition is satisfied; modifying the ranking function so as to reduce the ranking function's computation cost; solving the modified ranking function until a second stability condition is satisfied so as to produce a solution of the modified ranking function; and assigning respective ranks to at least a subset of the documents in the set of linked documents in accordance with the solution of the modified ranking function.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY In one embodiment, the invention includes iteratively solving a ranking function for a set of document rank values with respect to a set of linked documents until a first stability condition is satisfied. The ranking function is modified so as to reduce the ranking function's computation cost and then the modified ranking function is solved until a second stability condition is satisfied. ## BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS The aforementioned features and advantages of the invention as well as additional features and advantages thereof will be more clearly understood hereinafter as a result of a detailed description of embodiments of the invention when taken in conjunction with the drawings. Like reference numerals refer to corresponding parts throughout the several views of the drawings. FIG. 1 illustrates a search engine environment in accordance with an embodiment of the present invention. FIG. 2 illustrates a graph of the cumulative proportion of converged pages versus convergence time in accordance with an embodiment of the invention. FIG. 3 illustrates solving the ranking function in accordance with an embodiment of the invention FIG. 4 illustrates a ranking function in accordance with an embodiment of the invention. FIG. 5 illustrates a ranking func

===== US9208229B2 | Tổng hợp anchor text để chứng thực fact | 2005-03-31 | Jonathan T. Betz, Shubin Zhao
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method for corroborating a set of facts included in a fact repository, the method comprising: at a back end computer system including one or more processors and memory storing one or more programs, the one or more processors executing the one or more programs to perform the operations of: identifying a set of facts associated with an object, the set of facts having been previously extracted from multiple documents, each fact comprising an attribute-value pair, including a fact attribute type and a fact value, and wherein the object is associated with an entity having a name fact attribute type; receiving a first document not included in the multiple documents and a reference to the first document, said reference comprising user-viewable anchor text extracted from a second document; determining that the user-viewable anchor text matches the name of the entity associated with the object; determining that one or both of the name of the entity associated with the object or the user-viewable anchor text appears in the first document; and responsive to determining that the user-viewable anchor text matches the name of the entity associated with the object and that one or both of the name of the entity associated with the object or the user-viewable anchor text
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY The invention is a system and method for corroborating a set of facts. If the anchor text of the references to a document matches the name of a set of facts, the referenced document is used to corroborate the set of facts. By analyzing the anchor text of the references to the document, the system is capable of determining if a document is relevant to the set of facts. The document can then be used to corroborate or refute the facts, thereby improving their overall quality. ## BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 shows a network, in accordance with a preferred embodiment of the invention. FIGS. 2( a)-2(d) are block diagrams illustrating a data structure for facts within a repository of FIG. 1 in accordance with preferred embodiments of the invention. FIG. 2( e) is a block diagram illustrating an alternate data structure for facts and objects in accordance with preferred embodiments of the invention. FIG. 3 is a data flow diagram illustrating a corroboration janitor, according to one embodiment of the present invention. FIG. 4 is a flow chart illustrating a method for corroborating facts, according to one embodiment of the present invention. FIG. 5( a) is a flow chart illustrating a method for selecting anchor text from a set of candidate anchor texts. F
