
===== US10339190B2 | Trả lời câu hỏi bằng tham chiếu entity trong dữ liệu phi cấu trúc | 2013-03-15 | Dvir Keysar, Tomer Shmiel
CLAIM: 1. A method performed by one or more processors comprising: receiving a query, the query being a natural language query that is received based on user input at a computing device; obtaining search results for the query and a ranking of the search results, the search results generated based at least in part on the query and the ranking of the search results being based on relevance of the search results to the query; identifying that the query is associated with a particular type of entity, wherein the particular type of entity defines a particular categorization that encompasses multiple entities, and wherein identifying that the query is associated with the particular type of entity comprises identifying the particular type of entity, from a plurality of candidate types of entities, based on at least one term of the query; retrieving data comprising one or more entity references that occur in content of one or more of the search results, wherein retrieving the data comprises: retrieving the entity references, that occur in the content of one or more of the search results, based on t
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY In some implementations, a system provides answers to natural language search queries by relying on entity references identified based in the unstructured data associated with search results. In some implementations, a system receives a natural language query such as a “who” question. For example, “Who is the President?” or “Who was the first person to climb Mt. Everest?” In some implementations, the system retrieves a number of search results, for example, a list of references to webpages on the Internet. In some implementations, the system retrieves additional, preprocessed information associated each respective webpage of at least some of the search results. In some implementations, the additional information includes, for example, names of people that appear in the webpages. In an example, in order to answer a “who” question, the system compiles names appearing in the first ten search results, as identified in the additional information. The system identifies the most commonly appearing name as the answer, and returns that answer to the user. It will be understood t

===== US9336211B1 | Gắn entity với một query tìm kiếm | 2013-03-13 | Olivier Jean Andre Bousquet, Oskar SANDBERG, Sylvain Gelly, Randolph Gregory Brown
CLAIM: 1. A computer implemented method, comprising: receiving a query from a client device; identifying search results responsive to the received query, the search results including one or more first search results about an entity and one or more additional search results about an additional entity; providing the search results to the client device; identifying that the entity is associated with the query; providing, to the client device, an entity summary for the entity to display along with the search results in response to the query, the entity summary including an image related to the entity, a name of the entity, and a plurality of additional properties for the entity; identifying that the additional entity is associated with the search query; providing, to the client device, an additional entity summary for the additional entity for display along with the search results and the entity summary in response to the query, the additional entity summary including an additional image related to the additional entity, an additional name of the additional entity, and including an option to pe
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY The present disclosure is directed to methods and apparatus for associating an entity with at least one search query. For example, some implementations are directed to methods and apparatus for identifying multiple queries associated with an entity and identifying one or more of the queries as an entity search query that provides desired search results for the entity. Also, for example, some implementations are directed to methods and apparatus for identifying a particular entity (e.g., via a search request for the particular entity) and, in response to identifying the search request, identifying an entity search query corresponding to the particular entity. In some implementations a computer implemented method may be provided that includes the steps of: receiving a query; identifying an entity associated with the query; providing an entity summary for the entity to display in response to the query, the entity summary including information about the entity and including an option to perform additional searching related to the entity; identifying an entity search query 

===== US9390174B2 | Xếp hạng và trình bày kết quả tìm kiếm | 2012-08-08 | Chen Zhou, Chen Ding, David Francois Huynh, JinYu Lou, Yanlai Huang, Hongda Shen, Guanghua Li, Yiming Li, Yangyang Chai
CLAIM: 1. A computer implemented method for providing search results, the method comprising: parsing a search query to identify one or more words; determining, using one or more processors, an entity reference from the search query based on the one or more identified words; analyzing the entity reference to determine a type of entity reference; identifying, using one or more processors, a list of properties associated with the determined type of the entity reference from a knowledge graph; ranking, using one or more processors, the list of properties associated with the determined type of the entity reference; identifying, using one or more processors, a property for generating a presentation of search results from the ranked list of properties, based at least in part on the search query and on the type of the entity reference; determining, using one or more processors, a presentation technique associated with the property for generating a presentation; and causing to be presented, using one or more processors, search results based on the selected presentation technique.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY Methods, systems, and computer readable media are provided for ranking search results and generating a presentation technique for presenting search results. In some implementations, a computer implemented method for providing search results comprises determining, using one or more processors, an entity reference from a search query. A ranked list of properties associated with a type of the entity reference is identified based on a knowledge graph. A property for generating a presentation of search results from the ranked list of properties is identified, based at least in part on the search query and on the type of the entity reference. A presentation technique is determined associated with the property for generating a presentation. Search results are caused to be presented based on the presentation technique. In some implementations, a computer implemented method for providing search results comprises receiving a search query. A modifying concept is identified in the search query. A query tree is generated based on the search query. Search results are retrieved from

===== US10235423B2 | Xếp hạng kết quả tìm kiếm dựa trên chỉ số của entity | 2012-12-12 | Hongda Shen, David Francois Huynh, Grace Chung, Chen Zhou, Yanlai Huang, Guanghua Li
CLAIM: 1. A method implemented using one or more computers, the method comprising: receiving a search query from a user device; obtaining, from a knowledge graph and based on the search query, a first search result and a second search result; determining a plurality of first metrics associated with the first search result obtained from the knowledge graph, wherein the plurality of first metrics is indicative of the relevance of the first search result, wherein the plurality of first metrics is determined at least in part from the knowledge graph, and wherein at least one of the plurality of first metrics is independent of the search query; determining a plurality of second metrics associated with the second search result obtained from the knowledge graph, wherein the plurality of second metrics is indicative of the relevance of the second search result, wherein the plurality of second metrics is determined at least in part from the knowledge graph, and wherein at least one of the plurality of second metrics is independent of the search query; determining a first entity type associated with 
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY Methods, systems, and computer-readable media are provided for ranking search results. In some implementations, a computer implemented method is provided. A plurality of metrics is determined associated with a search result obtained from a knowledge graph, wherein the plurality of metrics is indicative of the relevance of the search result, and the plurality of metrics is determined at least in part from the knowledge graph. An entity type associated with the search result is determined, wherein the entity type is determined at least in part from the knowledge graph. A weight is determined for each metric of the plurality of metrics based at least in part on the entity type. A score is determined based on the plurality of metrics and the weight for each metric of the plurality of metrics. Search results are ranked based at least in part on the score. In some implementations, a system comprising one or more computers is configured to perform operations. The system determines a plurality of metrics associated with a search result obtained from a knowledge graph, wherein

===== US9275152B2 | Entity liên quan | 2012-02-22 | Peter Jin Hong, Pravir K. Gupta, Nathaniel J. Gaylinn, Ramakrishnan Kazhiyur-Mannar, Kavi J. Goel, Omer Bar-or, Jack W. Menzel, Christina R. Dhanaraj, Jared L. Levy, Shashidhar A. Thakur, Grace Chung, Benson Tsai
CLAIM: 1. A method performed by one or more computers, the method comprising: receiving a first search query from a user device, wherein the first search query has been determined to relate to a first entity of a first entity type, and wherein one or more entities of a second entity type have a predetermined relationship with the first entity; receiving search results for the first search query provided by a search engine, wherein each of the search results identifies a respective resource; determining, from the search results, whether or not to include information identifying the one or more entities of the second entity type as part of a response to the first search query, comprising: determining that a count of search results identifying a resource containing a reference to the first entity satisfies a first threshold value, determining that a count of search results identifying a resource having the second entity type as a relevant entity type satisfies a second threshold value, and determining to include information identifying the one or more entities of the second entity type as part
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY This specification describes technologies relating to identifying entities that are related to an entity to which a search query is directed. In general, one innovative aspect of the subject matter described in this specification can be embodied in methods that include the actions of receiving a first search query from a user device, wherein the first search query has been determined to relate to a first entity of a first entity type, and wherein one or more entities of a second entity type have a predetermined relationship with the first entity; receiving search results for the first search query provided by a search engine, wherein each of the search results identifies a respective resource; determining that a count of search results identifying a resource containing a reference to the first entity satisfies a first threshold value; determining that a count of search results identifying a resource having the second entity type as a relevant entity type satisfies a second threshold value; and transmitting information identifying the one or more entities of the second 

===== US10108700B2 | Hỏi đáp để bổ sung dữ liệu cho knowledge base | 2013-03-15 | Rahul Gupta, Shaohua Sun, John Blitzer, Dekang Lin, Evgeniy Gabrilovich
CLAIM: 1. A computer implemented method comprising the following operations performed by one or more processors: identifying, by one or more of the processors, an entity reference in a knowledge graph, wherein the entity reference corresponds to an entity type; identifying, by one or more of the processors, a missing data element associated with the entity reference, the missing data element reflecting a property of the entity reference for which no property value is currently assigned; generating, automatically by one or more of the processors in response to identifying the missing data element associated with the entity reference, a query based at least in part on the missing data element and the entity type; providing, by one or more of the processors, the query to a query processing engine; receiving information from the query processing engine in response to the query; and updating, by one or more of the processors in response to receiving information from the query processing engine, the knowledge graph based at least in part on the received information.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY In some implementations, a system identifies information that is missing from a collection of data. The system generates a question to provide to a question answering service based on the missing information, and uses the response from the question answering service to update the collection of data. In some implementations, a computer-implemented method is provided. The method includes identifying an entity reference in a knowledge graph, wherein the entity reference corresponds to an entity type. The method further includes identifying a missing data element associated with the entity reference. The method further includes generating a query based at least in part on the missing data element and the type of the entity reference. The method further includes providing the query to a query processing engine. The method further includes receiving information from the query processing engine in response to the query. The method further includes updating the knowledge graph based at least in part on the received information. In some implementations, a system is provided co

===== US9898554B2 | Nhận diện query câu hỏi ngầm | 2013-11-18 | Nitin Gupta, Preyas Popat, Steven D. Baker, Srinivasan Venkatachary
CLAIM: 1. A method implemented in a data processing apparatus, the method comprising: receiving, at the data processing apparatus, a query in unstructured form, the query including a plurality of terms, each of the terms at a respective ordinal position in the query; comparing, by the data processing apparatus, the terms of the query to a plurality of query templates, each query template including terms of variable data and terms of invariable data, wherein the terms of variable data specifies a class of terms and the terms of invariable data specifies particular instances of terms; determining, by the data processing apparatus and based on the comparison, a match of the query terms to a first query template, wherein the first query template is not determined to be indicative of a question query; determining, by the data processing apparatus and based on the first query template, a second query template; and determining, by the data processing apparatus, that the query is an implicit question query in response to the second query template being indicative of a question query; wherein determ
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY In general, one innovative aspect of the subject matter described in this specification can be embodied in methods that include the actions of receiving a query in unstructured form, the query including a plurality of terms, each of the terms at a respective ordinal position in the query; comparing the terms of the query to a plurality of query templates, each query template including terms of variable data and terms of invariable data, wherein the terms of variable data specifies a class of terms and the terms of invariable data specifies particular instances of terms; determining, based on the comparison, a match of the query terms to a first query template, wherein the first query template is not determined to be indicative of a question query; determining, based on the first query template, a second query template; and determining that the query is an implicit question query in response to the second query template being indicative of a question queries. Other embodiments of this aspect include corresponding systems, apparatus, and computer programs, configured to p

===== US8843466B1 | Xác định entity bằng kết quả tìm kiếm | 2011-09-27 | Roni F. Zeiger, Thomas A. Lasko, Andrew Tomkins, Michael Angelo, Matthew K. Gray, Russell Ryan, Namrata U. Godbole
CLAIM: 1. A method performed by a system comprising one or more computers, the method comprising: determining that a first search query includes a respective text reference to each of one or more predetermined attributes, wherein each attribute is associated with a first entity type, wherein determining that the first search query includes the respective text reference to each of the one or more predetermined attributes comprises determining that at least one term in the first search query appears in an attribute data store, and wherein the attribute data store contains terms from previously submitted queries determined to relate to entities of the first entity type by a query classifier; obtaining search results for the first search query from a search engine, each search result identifying a respective resource; for each of a plurality of the obtained search results, determining an initial score for each of a plurality of entities of the first entity type based on occurrences of names of the entity in the resource identified by the search result; generating a final score for each of the p
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY This specification describes technologies relating to identifying entities that are answers to questions implied in search queries using search results. Users may desire to use a search engine to identify entities that match features or attributes named in their queries. For example, a user listing symptoms in a query may wish to find medical conditions, e.g., diseases, disorders, injuries, and other health issues, that are characterized by the symptoms named in the query. The implicit question could be formulated as, what medical condition or medical conditions are associated with the named symptom or symptoms? Similarly, a user may wish to know what movie or movies feature an actor or actors, a director, or a producer named in a query. In other circumstances, a user may wish to find the movies or books that are about a topic or topics named in a query. More generally, the implicit question could be formulated as, what entity of a generic type, e.g., book, medical condition, or movie, is associated with the features named in the query? In general, one innovative aspe

===== US9135238B2 | Phân biệt entity trùng tên | 2006-03-31 | Razvan Constantin Bunescu, Alexandru Marius Pasca
CLAIM: 1. A method comprising: receiving, by a computer and from a client system, a query including a proper name, the proper name appearing in a context in the query, the context including terms of the proper name and additional terms that do not include the proper name; determining, by the computer, named entities corresponding to the proper name; for each corresponding named entity, identifying, by the computer, a named entity article about the named entity, wherein each named entity article about a named entity is different from the named entity articles about the other named entities; for each corresponding named entity, determining, by the computer, prior to disambiguation of the proper name included in the query, a similarity score between the named entity article about the named entity and the context in the query containing the proper name, wherein the similarity score is a measurement of correlation between the context in the query containing the proper name and the named entity article; disambiguating, by the computer and based on the similarity scores between the context in the 
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY In one aspect of the invention, a knowledge base of named entity articles is used to disambiguate entity names during a search. The knowledge base is constructed from a database of documents (articles). The articles include articles about named entities, entities that have a proper name, such as “John Williams” (a person), “Long Beach” (a place), and “Python” (a movie, a programming language, and a deadly snake). The knowledge base includes certain features which afford the capability to disambiguate otherwise ambiguous entity names. The text of the articles provides a context that is associated with the particular sense of a name. The articles also contain links between instances of entity names and the article linked to the name. The articles also include redirect articles that associate an alternative or alias of a name to a particular named entity article. The articles also include disambiguation articles that disambiguate different senses of an ambiguous name. The relationships between contexts and the particular senses of a name are learned, in part using the link

===== US9760570B2 | Tìm và phân biệt tham chiếu entity trên trang web | 2006-10-20 | Leonardo A. Laroco, JR., Nikola Jevtic, Nikolai V. Yakovenko, Jeffrey Reynar
CLAIM: 1. A method for identifying texts referring to an entity, the method comprising: at a computer having one or more processors and memory storing programs for execution by the one or more processors: storing an object representing the entity; storing a plurality of facts, wherein at least one of the plurality of facts is associated with the object; determining a first set of features from the stored plurality of facts that are associated with the object, wherein the first set of features are sufficient for identifying a document referring to the entity; determining a second set of features from the stored plurality of facts that are associated with the object, wherein the second set of features are sufficient for identifying a document referring to the entity, and the second set of features are distinct from the first set of features; identifying a first text from one of the stored plurality of facts associated with the first set of features; identifying a second text from one of the stored plurality of facts associated with the second set of features; identifying a representative docu
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY A system and method for disambiguating references to entities in a document stored in a memory of a data processing system. In one embodiment, an iterative process is used to disambiguate references to entities in documents. An initial model is used to identify documents referring to an entity based on features contained in those documents. The occurrence of various features in these documents is measured. From the number occurrences of features in these documents, a second model is constructed. The second model is used to identify documents referring to the entity based on features contained in the documents. The process can be repeated, iteratively identifying documents referring to the entity and improving subsequent models based on those identifications. In one embodiment, additional features of the entity are extracted from documents identified as referring to the entity. These extracted features are tested to determine if it is likely that they are features frequently associated with the entity. If it is determined that the extracted features are features of the 

===== US9710549B2 | Chuẩn hóa entity qua chuẩn hóa tên | 2006-02-17 | Jonathan T. Betz
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method of identifying duplicate objects in a plurality of objects, wherein each object in the plurality of objects is associated with one or more facts, and each of the one or more facts has an attribute and a value, the method comprising using a computer processor to perform: associating facts extracted from web documents with the plurality of objects; for each of the plurality of objects, normalizing a value of a name fact, the name fact being among one or more facts associated with the object; based on the normalized values of the name facts, grouping the plurality of objects into a plurality of buckets, each object in a bucket having the same normalized value of a name fact; processing the plurality of objects in a bucket to identify at least one pair of duplicate objects in the plurality of objects in the bucket, based on a similarity of values of facts other than the name fact for the objects in the bucket; and merging the duplicate objects together, the merging including removing one of the duplicate objects from a memory repository.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY The invention is a system and method for identifying duplicate objects from a plurality of objects. For each object, the name used to describe the represented entity is normalized. A signature is generated for each object based on the normalized name. Objects are grouped into buckets based on the signature of the objects. Objects within the same bucket are compared to each other using a matcher to identify duplicate objects. The matcher can be selected from a collection of matchers. This approach normalizes names used by objects to describe the represented entity. Therefore, objects representing the same entity share the same normalized name. As a result, this approach can identify duplicate objects even if the associated names initially are different. This approach is also computationally cost-efficient because objects are pair-wise matched only within a bucket, rather than being pair-wise matched across all buckets. These features and benefits are not the only features and benefits of the invention. In view of the drawings, specification, and claims, many additional

===== US10068022B2 | Xác định entity chủ đề (topical entity) của trang | 2011-06-03 | Haran Pilpel, Tomer Shmiel, Eran Ofek, Eldad Barkai, Ziv Bar-Yossef
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method comprising: identifying a plurality of entities that are associated with a particular web resource, each entity being a word or a phrase; and determining whether one entity from the plurality of entities is a topical entity that represents a predominant topic of the resource, wherein the determining comprises: generating respective search queries for each of the identified entities; obtaining, from a search engine, respective search results responsive to each of the generated search queries, wherein each search result has a respective ranking score; determining that a search result referencing the particular web resource appears above a specified rank in a ranking of the search results responsive to at least one generated search query for at least one entity; and in response to determining that a search result referencing the particular web resource appears above a specified rank in the ranking of the search results responsive to at least one generated search query for at least one entity: if the particular web resource appears above a specified rank 
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY In general, one aspect of the subject matter described in this specification can be embodied in methods that include the actions of obtaining a plurality of entities that are associated with a first resource; for one or more of the identified entities, receiving search results for a search query derived from the entity; determining that search results for a search query including a particular entity include a specific type of search results; and determining that the particular entity is a topical entity of the first resource based at least in part on the particular entity appearing in a title or a resource locator of the first resource, wherein the topical entity of the first resource represents a predominant topic of the first resource. Other embodiments of this aspect include corresponding systems, apparatus, and computer programs, configured to perform the actions of the methods, encoded on computer storage devices. These and other embodiments can each optionally include one or more of the following features. An entity can be a word or phrase that represents a conce

===== US9047278B1 | Xác định và xếp hạng thuộc tính của entity | 2012-11-09 | Benjamin J. Mann, Randolph G. Brown, John R. Provine, Vinicius J. Fortuna, Andrew W. Hogue
CLAIM: 1. A method performed by data processing apparatus, the method comprising: identifying queries in query data; determining, in each of the queries, (i) an entity-descriptive portion that refers to an entity and (ii) a suffix; determining query counts of a number of times that the respective queries were submitted; for at least a particular query of the identified queries, distributing the query count for the particular query among multiple different entities by assigning, to each of the multiple different entities, a partial query count that is an estimate of a number of submissions of the particular query that refer to the entity; estimating, based at least in part on one or more of the partial query counts, an entity-level count of query submissions that include a particular suffix and are considered to refer to a first entity of the multiple different entities; determining that the first entity is a particular type of entity; determining a type-level count of the query submissions that include the particular suffix and are estimated to refer to entities of the particular type of en
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY Queries can be analyzed to determine the types of information that users of a search engine system are typically interested in obtaining. In many instances, the types of information a user is interested in for one entity (e.g., a subject or topic) is different from the type of information that a user is interested in obtaining for a different entity. By analyzing queries, the most frequently requested types of information for a particular entity can be identified. Then, when a user submits a query that refers to the particular entity, the most frequently requested information can be provided in response to the query. For example, a concise summary of the most commonly requested facts for the particular entity and other similar entities can be provided. One innovative aspect of the subject matter described in this specification is embodied in methods that include the actions of: identifying queries in query data; determining, in each of the queries, (i) an entity-descriptive portion that refers to an entity and (ii) a suffix; determining a count of a number of times the

===== US10331706B1 | Tự động phát hiện entity mới bằng đối chiếu đồ thị | 2013-10-04 | Oksana Yakhnenko, Norases Vesdapunt
CLAIM: 1. A computer system comprising: memory storing: a target data graph, and a plurality of source data graphs generated from analysis of source documents, where each source data graph: is associated with a source document having an associated domain, has a source entity that does not exist in the target data graph, and includes fact tuples, where a fact tuple identifies: a subject entity, an object entity, and a relationship connecting the subject entity to the object entity; at least one processor; and memory storing instructions that, when executed by the at least one processor, cause the computer system to perform operations including: generating a cluster of source data graphs, the cluster including source data graphs associated with a first source entity that shares at least two fact tuples that have the first source entity as the subject entity and a determinative relationship as the relationship connecting the subject entity to the object entity, iteratively splitting the cluster of source data graphs into a plurality of buckets of the source data graphs based on a plurality of 
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY Some implementations identify potential entities from facts generated from web-based sources. Facts from a particular source are analyzed and cleaned, generating a small source data graph that includes entities and facts from the source. The source graph may be generated for a potential source entity that does not have a matching entity in the target data graph. The system may repeat the analysis and generation of source data graphs for many source documents, generating many source graphs, each for a particular source document. The system may cluster the source data graphs together by type of source entity and source entity name. The entity name may be a string extracted from the text of the source. Thus, the system generates clusters of source data graphs of the same source entity name and type. The system may split a cluster of source graphs into buckets based on the object entity of one of the relationships, or predicates. The system may use a predicate that is determinative for splitting the cluster. A determinative predicate generally has a unique value, e.g., obje

===== US11403288B2 | Truy vấn đồ thị dữ liệu bằng query ngôn ngữ tự nhiên | 2013-03-13 | Amarnag Subramanya, Fernando Pereira, Ni Lao, John Blitzer, Rahul Gupta
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method, comprising: receiving, by at least one processor, a search query that includes a first search term; determining, using the at least one processor, that the search query matches a query template; mapping the first search term to a first entity in a data graph; obtaining, using the at least one processor, a path from a model associated with the query template, the model being trained to provide the path for the query template, the path having a score representing a probability that the path provides a correct answer for the query template; identifying, using the at least one processor, a second entity in the data graph by following the path in the data graph from the first entity; and providing, using the at least one processor, information relating to the second entity in a response to the search query.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY Some implementations extract syntactic and semantic knowledge from text, such as from the Web, and combine this with semantic knowledge from a data graph. The knowledge extracted from the text and the data graph is used as input to train a machine learning algorithm to predict tuples for the data graph. The trained machine learning algorithm may produce multiple weighted features for a given relationship, each feature representing an inference about how two entities might be related. The absolute value of the weight of a feature may represent the relative importance in making decisions. The trained machine learning algorithm can then be used to create additional tuples for the data graph from analysis of documents in a large corpus and from the existing information in the data graph. This method provides a large number of additional tuples for the data graph, greatly expanding the data graph. In some implementations, each predicted tuple may be associated with a confidence score and only tuples that meet a threshold are automatically added to the data graph. The facts r

===== US9558186B2 | Trích xuất fact không giám sát | 2005-05-31 | Jonathan T. Betz, Shubin Zhao
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method for extracting facts, the method comprising: at a computer system including one or more processors and memory storing one or more programs, the one or more processors executing the one or more programs to perform the operations of: identifying a first fact having an attribute and a value obtained from a first document; retrieving a second document that contains the attribute and the value of the first fact; identifying in the second document a contextual pattern associated with the attribute and value of the first fact; extracting a second fact from the second document using the contextual pattern, the second fact having an attribute that is different than the attribute of the first fact and having a value that is different than the value of the first fact; and storing the first fact and the second fact in a fact repository of the computer system.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY A system and method for extracting facts from documents. A fact is extracted from a first document. The attribute and value of the fact extracted from the first document is used as a seed attribute-value pair. A second document containing the seed attribute-value pair is analyzed to determine a contextual pattern used in the second document. The contextual pattern is used to extract other attribute-value pairs from the second document. The extracted attributes and values are stored as facts. ## BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 shows a network, in accordance with a preferred embodiment of the invention. FIGS. 2(a)-2(d) are block diagrams illustrating a data structure for facts within a repository of FIG. 1 in accordance with preferred embodiments of the invention. FIG. 2(e) is a block diagram illustrating an alternate data structure for facts and objects in accordance with preferred embodiments of the invention. FIG. 3(a) is a block diagram illustrating the extraction of facts from a plurality of documents, according to one embodiment of the present invent

===== US20230177360A1 | Hiển thị fact độc đáo về entity | 2016-08-05 | Akash Nanavati, Aniket Ray, Torsten Rohlfing
CLAIM: 1. A system comprising: a data store storing unique fact triggers; and a query handling system that includes: at least one processor, and a memory storing instructions that, when executed by the at least one processor, cause the query handling system to perform operations including: selecting, from a document repository, documents associated with at least one unique fact trigger stored in the data store, generating entity-sentence pairs for an entity by: extracting sentences from the selected documents and, for each sentence of at least some of the sentences: identifying a reference to the entity in the sentence, determining whether the sentence matches a structured fact pattern, and in response to determining that the sentence does not match the structured fact pattern, storing the sentence and an identifier for the document from which the sentence was extracted as an entity-sentence pair for the entity, and providing at least one stored sentence from the entity-sentence pairs in response to a query that identifies the entity.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY Implementations provide an improved search engine that automatically identifies and provides unique facts in response to a query for a particular entity. For example, implementations may identify and extract sentences that represent unique facts for an entity from a document repository, determine the best facts, and provide one or more of these facts in response to a query directed toward the entity. The query may specifically request unique or fun facts for the entity or may be a query directed to the entity. The system may automatically select high-quality, well-supported facts over facts expressed in a poor fashion or facts that lack support. The system may use poorly-formed sentences and sentences that require context to support a fact but may not provide such sentences in response to the query. In some implementations, the system may cluster sentences so that sentences supporting a particular fact are clustered together and may select one sentence from the cluster as a representative sentence for the cluster. The sentences provided in response to the query may be t

===== US7769579B2 | Học fact từ văn bản bán cấu trúc | 2005-05-31 | Shubin Zhao, Jonathan T. Betz
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method of learning facts, comprising: at a computer system including one or more processors and memory storing one or more programs, the one or more processors executing the one or more programs to perform the operations of: accessing an object within a fact repository, wherein the object includes a name and one or more seed facts; identifying a set of documents having content and associated with the object name, each document in the set having at least a first predefined number of distinct seed facts in common with the seed facts of the object; for each of the documents in the identified set: identifying in the document a contextual pattern associated with the respective seed facts in the document; confirming that the document includes at least a second predefined number of instances of content matching the contextual pattern in addition to the respective seed facts; and only when the confirming is successful, extracting an extracted fact from a respective instance of content matching the contextual pattern and merging the extracted fact into the object; wh
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY According to an aspect of the invention, a method of learning facts includes accessing an object having a name and one or more seed attribute-value pairs; identifying a set of documents associated with the object name, each document in the set having at least a first predefined number of the seed attribute-value pairs of the object; for each of the documents in the identified set: identifying in the document a contextual pattern associated with the seed attribute-value pairs in the document; confirming that the document includes at least a second predefined number of additional instances of content matching the contextual pattern; and when the confirming is successful, extracting an attribute-value pair from a respective instance of content matching the contextual pattern and merging the extracted attribute-value pair into the object. ## BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 illustrates a network, according to some embodiments of the invention. FIG. 2 is a flowchart illustrating a process for learning facts, according to some embodiments of the invention. FIG. 

===== US8812435B1 | Học đối tượng và fact từ tài liệu | 2007-11-16 | Shubin Zhao
CLAIM: 1. A method for learning objects and facts from documents, comprising: on a computer system having one or more processors and memory storing one or more programs for execution by the one or more processors, without user intervention: selecting a source object from a plurality of objects stored in a fact repository, the source object having an object name and an attribute-value pair; selecting a source document from a plurality of documents based on a determination that a title of the source document includes the object name of the source object; and content of the source document includes an attribute and a value related to the attribute-value pair of the source object; identifying a title pattern for the title of the source document based on a first syntax of (i) the title of the source document, and (ii) the object name of the source object within the title of the source document; identifying a contextual pattern for the content of the source document based on a second syntax of (i) the attribute and (ii) the value related to the attribute-value pair of the source object, the conte
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY The above and other needs are met by systems, methods, and computer program products that learn objects and facts from documents. Embodiments of the methods comprise selecting a source object and a source document and identifying a title pattern and a contextual pattern based on the source object and the source document. A set of documents matching the title pattern and the contextual pattern are selected. For each document in the selected set, a name and one or more facts are identified by applying the title pattern and the contextual pattern to the document. Objects are identified or created based on the identified names and associated with the identified facts. ## BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 shows a system architecture adapted to support one embodiment. FIGS. 2( a)-2(d) are block diagrams illustrating embodiments of a data structure for facts within a repository of FIG. 1. FIG. 2( e) is a block diagram illustrating an embodiment of an alternative data structure for facts and objects. FIG. 3 is a flowchart of an exemplary method for learning object

===== US7953720B1 | Chọn câu trả lời tốt nhất cho query hỏi fact | 2005-03-31 | Douglas L. T. Rohde, Thomas W. Ritchford
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method for selecting an answer to a factual query, comprising: receiving a factual query; searching a fact repository to identify a set of possible factual answers to the factual query, wherein the fact repository stores factual information extracted from a plurality of documents; determining respective scores for at least a subset of the possible factual answers; identifying a first answer of the subset of the set of possible factual answers to the factual query, the first answer having a best score; identifying, as an answer that is contradictory to the first answer, a second answer of the subset, wherein the second answer is the best scoring answer that is contradictory to the first answer; and generating a response including the first answer only if the score of the first answer exceeds a predefined threshold and exceeds the score of the second answer by at least a first predefined margin.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY According to an aspect of the invention, a method for selecting an answer to a factual query includes receiving a factual query; searching a fact repository to identify one or more possible answers to the factual query; determining for at least a subset of the possible answers a respective score; identifying a first answer of the possible answers with a best score; and generating a response including the first answer if the best score satisfies a first condition and satisfies a second condition with respect to the score of a second answer of the possible answers. According to another aspect of the invention, a method for selecting an answer to a factual query includes receiving a factual query; identifying one or more possible answers to the factual query; determining for each of the possible answers a respective score; identifying first answers of the possible answers with best scores; for each of the first answers, identifying second answers of the possible answers that support the respective first answer and determining a supported score based on the score of the re

===== US8682913B1 | Chứng thực fact trích từ nhiều nguồn | 2005-03-31 | Jonathan T. Betz
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method for corroborating facts, comprising: at a computer system including one or more processors and memory storing one or more programs, the one or more processors executing the one or more programs to perform the operations of: identifying a plurality of source documents including facts associated with a common subject; identifying, from the plurality of source documents, one or more attribute-value pairs associated with the common subject; corroborating a fact, comprising a respective attribute-value pair of the one or more attribute-value pairs associated with the common subject, by determining that the respective attribute-value pair meets one or more predefined corroboration requirements; and in response to corroboration of the fact, updating a status of the respective attribute value pair in a fact repository; wherein corroborating the fact includes: determining that a respective attribute of the respective attribute-value pair meets a first corroboration requirement; and determining that the respective attribute-value pair meets a second corroborati
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY According to an aspect of the invention, a method for corroborating facts includes identifying one or more attribute-value pairs associated with a common subject; identifying a subset of the attribute-value pairs associated with the common subject, each of the attribute-value pairs in the subset meeting one or more predefined corroboration requirements; and performing a predefined action with respect to status of the identified subset of attribute-value pairs in a fact repository. According to another aspect of the invention, a method for corroboration facts includes identifying one or more attribute-value pairs associated with a common subject; identifying a set of attributes from the identified attribute-value pairs, each of the attributes of the identified set meeting a first corroboration requirement; identifying a subset of the attribute-value pairs associated with the common subject, each of the attribute-value pairs in the subset having an attribute in the set of identified attributes and meeting a second corroboration requirement; and performing a predefined ac

===== US7831545B1 | Xác định chủ thể chung của một tập fact | 2005-05-31 | Jonathan T. Betz
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method of processing a set of documents for generating a facts database, comprising: at a system having one or more processors and memory storing one or more modules to be executed by the one or more processors; accessing a source document from a document host; extracting one or more facts from the source document, each fact including an attribute-value pair and a list of documents that include the fact; identifying a set of linking documents that have one or more links to the source document, wherein a respective link contains anchor text; generating a set of candidate labels from the anchor text of the linking documents; assigning a score to each candidate label based on a number of linking documents having the candidate label in the anchor text; selecting the candidate label with a highest score as a unifying subject of the one or more facts; and for the unifying subject, storing in the facts database an object distinct from the source document, wherein the object includes the unifying subject, one or more entries corresponding to the one or more facts ex
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY According to an aspect of the invention, a method of processing a set of documents includes identifying a source document; identifying a set of linking documents that include links, with anchor text, to the source document; generating a set of candidate labels based on the respective anchor texts; selecting a first label of the candidate labels according to first predefined criteria; and associating the selected first label with the source document. ## BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 illustrates a network, according to some embodiments of the invention. FIG. 2 is a block diagram illustrating a source document and linking documents that include links to the source document, according to some embodiments of the invention. FIG. 3A is a flow diagram illustrating a process for associating a label with a source document and/or facts (as represented by attribute-value pairs) extracted from the source document, according to some embodiments of the invention. FIGS. 3B and 3C are flow diagrams illustrating processes for selecting a label to associate with a source

===== US7970766B1 | Gán loại entity | 2007-07-23 | Farhan Shamsi, Alex Kehlenbeck, David Vespe, Nemanja Petrovic
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method of assigning an entity type to an object of unknown entity type at a system, the system comprising one or more processors and memory storing one or more programs, the object stored in the memory, the method comprising: creating a plurality of objects using facts derived from electronic documents, each object including one or more facts describing an entity with which the object is associated, wherein each fact comprises an attribute; generating, for each of the plurality of objects, a set of features comprising one or more attributes in each of the plurality of objects; identifying a subset of the plurality of objects of a known entity type; generating an entity type model for the known entity type based on the sets of features generated for the objects in the identified subset; generating a value for an object of unknown entity type by using the entity type model for the known entity type, wherein the value indicates whether the object of unknown entity type is of the known entity type; assigning the known entity type to the object of unknown entity 
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION The above and other needs are met by methods, systems, and computer program products that assign entity types to objects with unknown entity type. Embodiments of the method comprise identifying a plurality of objects derived from electronic documents, each object including one or more facts describing an entity with which the object is associated, wherein each fact comprises an attribute. The method generates a set of features describing the facts included with the object for each of the plurality of objects. The method further identifies a subset of the plurality of objects of a known entity type. The method further generates an entity type model based on the sets of features generated for the objects in the identified subset. The method also generates a value based on an object of unknown entity type and the entity type model, wherein the value indicates whether the object of unknown entity type is of the known entity type. The method assigns the known entity type to the object of unknown entity type responsive to a determination that the value indica

===== US7966291B1 | Gộp đối tượng dựa trên fact | 2007-06-26 | Nemanja Petrovic, David Vespe, Alexander Kehlenbeck, Farhan Shamsi
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method of merging objects stored in a memory and associated with a same entity, comprising: identifying a plurality of merge candidate objects, wherein each merge candidate object is created using facts extracted from one or more electronic documents, each fact comprises an attribute and a value, each merge candidate object comprises one or more facts describing an entity with which the object is associated, each merge candidate object includes at least one fact with a same attribute, and each merge candidate object is distinct from the one or more electronic documents and the entity associated with the object; grouping the plurality of merge candidate objects in accordance with values corresponding to the same attribute in the at least one fact, the grouping including assigning a respective merge candidate object to a respective group of a plurality of groups, the respective group corresponding to the value of the at least one fact with the same attribute in the respective merge candidate object; identifying similarities between objects in each group, the i
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY The above and other needs are met by methods, systems, and computer program products that merge objects associated with the same entity. Embodiments of the method comprise identifying a plurality of merge candidate objects, each merge candidate object including one or more facts describing an entity with which the object is associated and having at least one fact with a same attribute, and grouping the plurality of merge candidate objects responsive to the values of the fact having the same attribute. The method further identifies similarities between objects in each group and generates one or more graphs describing the identified similarities among the objects of all of the groups. The method analyzes the one or more graphs describing the similarities among the objects to identify two or more objects associated with the same entity. The method also merges the two or more objects associated with the same entity to produce a merged object and stores the merged object in a repository. Embodiments of the system and computer program product comprise a grouping module for i

===== US8244689B2 | Dùng entropy thuộc tính làm tín hiệu chuẩn hóa đối tượng | 2006-02-17 | Jonathan T. Betz, Vivek Menezes
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method of determining if a first object and a second object represent a same entity, the method comprising: identifying one or more common attributes between the first object and the second object, wherein the first object and the second object are included in a fact repository located on one or more computer systems; determining an entropy for each of the one or more common attributes, wherein a respective entropy for a respective attribute in the one or more common attributes comprises a respective numeric value measuring a respective amount of information carried by the respective attribute; identifying a subset of the one or more common attributes whose respective values are equivalent; determining whether the first object and the second object represent the same entity by comparing a sum of entropies for the subset of the one or more common attributes to an entropy threshold measure; and in response to determining that the first object and the second object represent the same entity, merging the first object and the second object in the fact repository.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY One method for determining whether two objects are duplicate objects is as follows. Common facts of the two objects are identified. Common facts of the two objects are the facts with the same attribute that are associated with the two objects. Values of the common facts are compared to identify matching common facts. Two objects have a matching common fact if they have a fact with the same attribute and the same value. Entropy of the matching common facts are combined (e.g., added) and compared with an entropy threshold. Objects with a sum of entropies exceeding the entropy threshold are determined to be duplicate objects. These features are not the only features of the invention. In view of the drawings, specification, and claims, many additional features and advantages will be apparent. ## BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 shows a network, in accordance with a preferred embodiment of the invention. FIGS. 2( a)-2(d) are block diagrams illustrating a data structure for facts within a repository of FIG. 1 in accordance with preferred embodiments of the inven

===== US8954438B1 | Trích xuất metadata có cấu trúc | 2012-05-31 | Yiqiang Mao, Alvin Tang, Nitin Khandelwal
CLAIM: 1. A method comprising: accessing, using processing equipment, one or more documents from which to extract structured metadata from each of a plurality of hosts; extracting, using the processing equipment, a plurality of entity names from one or more documents from a first host of the plurality of hosts using an entity name pattern; determining whether to extract a first element list based at least in part on one or more heuristic rules or based at least in part on one or more pattern-based rules; in response to determining to extract the first element list based at least in part on one or more heuristic rules, extracting, using the processing equipment, the first element list from the one or more documents based at least in part on a first entity name of the plurality of entity names and based at least in part on one or more heuristic rules; validating the first element list based at least in part on a comparison of the first element list with one or more reference lists, wherein the first element list and the one or more reference lists are each associated with a same one of the pl
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY A method may include accessing one or more documents from which to extract the structured metadata from each of a plurality of hosts, extracting a plurality of entity names from the one or more documents from one of the plurality of hosts using an entity name pattern, extracting a first element list from the one or more documents based at least in part on the plurality of entity names and based at least in part on one or more heuristic rules, generating an element list pattern based at least in part on the first element list, and extracting a second element list from the one or more documents based at least in part on the element list pattern. A system may include one or more computers configured to access one or more documents from which to extract the structured metadata from each of a plurality of hosts, extract a plurality of entity names from the one or more documents from one of the plurality of hosts using an entity name pattern, extract a first element list from one or more documents based at least in part on the plurality of entity names and based at least in 

===== US9110852B1 | Trích xuất thông tin từ văn bản | 2012-07-20 | Kevin Lerman
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method for automatically identifying entity-value pairs from text, the method comprising the following operations performed by at least one processor: receiving an electronic text file including a text corpus comprising a plurality of words; generating, by parsing the text corpus, a corresponding parse tree structure in memory, including nodes of each of the plurality of words having edges based on the parts of speech of the plurality of words; identifying a plurality of entity-value pairs in the text corpus that correspond to a predetermined entity and a predetermined value related to the predetermined entity by a predetermined attribute, wherein each of the entity-value pairs comprise an entity and a value; extracting based on the parse tree structure, a plurality of parse tree paths to traverse the tree structure from a node corresponding the entity to a node corresponding to the value of the plurality of entity-value pairs; generating a data record including an indication of how accurately the extracted plurality of parse tree paths correspond to the pre
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY Systems and methods are provided for determining information from text. In some implementations, a text corpus, which may include multiple words, may be parsed into a corresponding parse tree structure based on the parts of speech of the words. A plurality of entity-value pairs may be identified in the text corpus, and may correspond to a predetermined entity and a predetermined value related to the predetermined entity. A plurality of parse tree paths corresponding to the plurality of entity-value pairs may be extracted. Information based on at least one of the plurality of parse tree paths may be determined. In some implementations, a system may include processing equipment configured to parse a text corpus, which may include multiple words, into a corresponding parse tree structure based on the parts of speech of the words. The processing equipment may also be configured to identify a plurality of entity-value pairs in the text corpus, which may correspond to a predetermined entity and a predetermined value related to the predetermined entity. The processing equipm
