
===== US7711679B2 | Phát hiện tài liệu trùng lặp dựa trên cụm từ | 2004-07-26 | Anna Lynn Patterson
CLAIM: 1. A method of detecting a duplicate document, the method comprising: selecting a first document and a second document from a set of documents; comparing, by operation of a processor adapted to manipulate data within a computer system, a document description of the first document with a document description of the second document, wherein the document description of the first document comprises a selected subset of sentences of the first document, the sentences being selected and ordered in the document description as a function of a number of related phrases in the selected sentences, wherein the document description of the second document comprises a selected subset of sentences of the sec
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION An information retrieval system and methodology uses phrases to index, search, rank, and describe documents in the document collection. The system is adapted to identify phrases that have sufficiently frequent and/or distinguished usage in the document collection to indicate that they are “valid” or “good” phrases. In this manner multiple word phrases, for example phrases of four, five, or more terms, can be identified. This avoids the problem of having to identify and index every possible phrases resulting from the all of the possible sequences of a given number of words. The system is further adapted to identify phrases that are related to each other, based 

===== US9275143B2 | Phát hiện file trùng lặp và gần trùng lặp | 2001-01-24 | William Pugh, Monika H. Henzinger
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method, comprising: accessing at least two different first fingerprints generated from the content of a first document, wherein each of the at least two different first fingerprints is generated from a different subset of the content of first document, each of the different subsets of the content of the first document including non-contiguous portions of the content of the first document and omitting at least some content of the first document between the non-contiguous portions; accessing at least two different second fingerprints generated from the content of a second document, wherein each of the at least two different second fingerprints is generated from a diff
SUMMARY:  ## §0. RELATED APPLICATIONS This application is a continuation of U.S. patent application Ser. No. 10/608,468, entitled “DETECTING DUPLICATE AND NEAR-DUPLICATE FILED”, filed on Jun. 27, 2003, now U.S. Pat. No. 7,366,718 and listing William Pugh and Monika H. Henzinger as inventors, which is a continuation of U.S. patent application Ser. No. 09/768,947, entitled “DETECTING DUPLICATE AND NEAR-DUPLICATE FILED”, filed on Jan. 24, 2001 and listing William Pugh and Monika H. Henzinger as inventors, which issued as U.S. Pat. No. 6,658,423. Benefit to these applications is claimed under 35 U.S.C. §120. These applications are expressly incorporated herein by reference. ## §1. BACKGROUND OF THE I

===== US8209339B1 | Phát hiện tài liệu tương tự | 2003-06-17 | Simon Tong
CLAIM: 1. A method performed by one or more server devices, the method comprising: receiving, using one or more processors associated with the one or more server devices, a document; selecting, using one or more processors associated with the one or more server devices, terms from the document to form a plurality of term pairs, where the selection is biased such that terms that appear closer to each other in the document have a greater probability of being included in the plurality of term pairs than terms that appear further from each other in the document; creating, using one or more processors associated with the one or more server devices, a cluster that includes the plurality of term pairs, wh
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION A document similarity detection technique consistent with the principles of the invention compares documents based on a set of relationships that define the relative order of terms within the documents. One aspect of the invention is directed to a method for determining similarity of a document to a first set of documents. The method includes building a similarity model that defines a relative ordering of terms in the first set of documents, comparing an ordering of terms from the document to the similarity model, and generating similarity metrics that describe a degree of similarity between the document and the documents in the first set of documents based on

===== US8452766B1 | Phát hiện tài liệu trùng lặp theo từng query | 2000-02-22 | Benedict A. Gomes, Benjamin T. Smith
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method comprising: receiving a plurality of search results responsive to a query, wherein the query includes one or more words, wherein each search result identifies a respective document that comprises a plurality of segments, wherein each segment is a distinct sequence of consecutive characters in the respective document; identifying the plurality of segments for each document by sliding a fixed-length window over content of the document, wherein the content of the document encompassed by the window starting at a particular position in the document defines a particular segment in the document, wherein sliding the fixed-length window over the content of the documen
SUMMARY:  ## CROSS-REFERENCE TO RELATED APPLICATIONS This application is a continuation application of and claims priority to U.S. patent application Ser. No. 12/839,164, titled “Detecting Query-Specific Duplicate Documents,” filed Jul. 19, 2010, which is a continuation of U.S. patent application Ser. No. 10/602,965, titled “Detecting Query-Specific Duplicate Documents,” filed Jun. 24, 2003, which is a continuation of U.S. patent application Ser. No. 09/684,542, titled “Detecting Query-Specific Duplicate Documents,” filed Oct. 6, 2000, now U.S. Pat. No. 6,615,209, which claims the benefit under 35 U.S.C. §119(e)(1), of U.S. Patent Application Ser. No. 60/184,126, titled “Method and Apparatus for De

===== US8548972B1 | Phát hiện tài liệu gần trùng lặp khi crawl | 2005-03-31 | Arvind Jain, Gurmeet Singh Manku
CLAIM: 1. A method performed by one or more devices, the method comprising: determining, by at least one of the one or more devices, a first fingerprint of a first document; identifying, by at least one of the one or more devices, a second fingerprint of a second document, the second fingerprint being different than the first fingerprint; determining, by at least one of the one or more devices, whether the second fingerprint includes bits in a sequence of bit positions that match bits in a corresponding sequence of bit positions of the first fingerprint, the sequence of bit positions being fewer than all of the bit positions in the second fingerprint; identifying, by at least one of the one or more
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY According to one aspect, a system may include means for generating a hash value for a fetched document; means for comparing the hash value with a set of stored hash values to identify ones of the stored hash values with a sequence of bit positions, less than all of the bit positions, that match a corresponding sequence of bit positions of the hash value; means for determining whether any of the identified hash values are substantially similar to the hash value; and means for identifying the fetched document as a near-duplicate of another document when one of the identified hash values is substantially similar to the hash value. According to another aspect, a system may include

===== US8868559B2 | Chọn tài liệu đại diện cho một nhóm tài liệu trùng lặp (canonical) | 2003-07-03 | Daniel Dulitz, Alexandre A. Verstak, Sanjay Ghemawat, Jeffrey A. Dean
CLAIM: 1. A method, comprising: at a computing device having one or more processors and memory: obtaining a plurality of documents, wherein a respective document in the plurality of document is associated with a query independent score; selecting a first document in the plurality of documents in accordance with a query independent score associated with the first document, wherein the first document has a fingerprint that indicates that the first document has substantially identical content to every other document in the plurality of documents; indexing, in accordance with the query independent score, the first document thereby producing an indexed first document; and with respect to the plurality o
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY Duplicate documents, sharing the same content, are identified by a web crawler system. Upon receiving a newly crawled document, a set of previously crawled documents, if any, sharing the same content as the newly crawled document is identified. Information identifying the newly crawled document and the selected set of documents is merged into information identifying a new set of documents. Duplicate documents are included and excluded from the new set of documents based on a query independent metric for each such document. A single representative document for the new set of documents is identified in accordance with a set of predefined conditions. In some embodiments, a method

===== US8713071B1 | Phát hiện site mirror trên web | 2005-08-09 | Arvind Jain
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method comprising: identifying, by a processor associated with the computer, path components of addresses that are associated with a group of hosts; reversing, by a processor associated with the computer, the path components; sorting, by a processor associated with the computer, the addresses based on the reversed path components; identifying, by a processor associated with the computer, an adjacent pair of addresses from the sorted addresses, the adjacent pair of addresses including: a first address associated with a first host of the group of hosts, and a second address associated with a second host of the group of hosts; identifying, by a processor associated wit
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY According to one aspect, a method may include obtaining multiple signals associated with first and second hostnames or subtrees. The method may further include using the multiple signals to determine whether the first hostname or subtree is a mirror of the second hostname or subtree. According to another aspect, a method may include identifying a pair of hostnames or subtrees as being potentially similar. The method may further include determining whether the pair of hostnames or subtrees are mirrors of one another using multiple signals associated with the pair of hostnames or subtrees. According to a further aspect, a method may include identifying path components associate

===== US10275434B1 | Xác định phiên bản chính của một tài liệu | 2005-11-18 | Alexandre A. Verstak, Anurag Acharya
CLAIM: 1. A method comprising: providing, to a server, a search query; receiving, by a user device and from the server, a set of search results that includes one or more respective search results that are each associated with a document; generating a search result display for each particular search result in the set of search results, wherein generating the search result display includes: rendering, on a display of the user device, a first hyperlink that references a first version of the document that is associated with the particular search result; rendering, on the display of the user device, publishing information related to the first version of the document, wherein the publishing information i
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION A primary version of a document is identified from multiple different versions of the document by assigning a priority of authority to the different versions. The priority of authority is assigned according to a priority rule. The primary version is determined by the assigned priority of authority and other information associated with each document version. One method of identifying a primary version is as follows. Different versions of a document are identified from a number of different sources, such as online databases, websites, and library data systems. For each document version, a priority of authority is selected based on the metadata information associ

===== US7627613B1 | Phát hiện tài liệu trùng lặp trong hệ thống web crawler | 2003-07-03 | Daniel Dulitz, Alexandre A. Verstak, Sanjay Ghemawat, Jeffrey A. Dean
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method of detecting duplicate documents in a network crawling system, comprising, at a server having one or more processors and memory: constructing a plurality of tables, each table corresponding to a portion of a document address space, storing information identifying documents having a same document content identifier and each identified document having an associated document rank; wherein documents having the same document content identifier have the same content and documents having different document content identifiers have different content; receiving a newly crawled document, such document characterized by a document content identifier and a document rank; 
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION Duplicate documents, sharing the same content, are identified by a web crawler system. Upon receiving a newly crawled document, a set of previously crawled documents, if any, sharing the same content as the newly crawled document is identified. Information identifying the newly crawled document and the selected set of documents is merged into information identifying a new set of documents. Duplicate documents are included and excluded from the new set of documents based on a query independent metric for each such document. A single representative document for the new set of documents is identified in accordance with a set of predefined conditions. Information 

===== US7930400B1 | Quản lý nhiều tên miền cho một website trong hệ thống index | 2006-08-04 | Vanessa Fox, Matthew D. Cutts, Maxmilian Ibel, Michael E. Noth, David Michael Proudfoot, Andrey Yuryevich Stroilov
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method of indexing a plurality of documents in a website, the computer-implemented method comprising: associating a plurality of domain names with the website, the plurality of domain names including a preferred domain name; for a document in the website having a specified URL with a domain name other than the preferred domain name, rewriting the specified URL to a rewritten URL that includes the preferred domain name; and indexing the document using the rewritten URL.
SUMMARY:  ## RELATED APPLICATIONS This application claims priority and benefit under 35 U.S.C. 119(e) to U.S. Provisional Patent Application No. 60/821,560, titled, “System and Method for Managing Multiple Domain Names For a Website in a Website Indexing System,” filed Aug. 4, 2006 and to U.S. Provisional Patent Application No. 60/822,496, titled, “System and Method for Managing Multiple Domain Names For a Website in a Website Indexing System,” filed Aug. 15, 2006, both of which are hereby incorporated by reference in their entirety. This application further incorporates by reference the following applications in their entirety: U.S. Provisional Patent Application No. 60/686,492, titled “Sitemap G

===== US7509315B1 | Quản lý URL khi crawl | 2005-06-24 | Jesse L. Alpert, Praveen K. Tammana, Yair Kurzion
CLAIM: 1. A method of crawling pages including: crawling pages up to a target number of pages, at least a subset of which are not constrained to have an importance; crawling additional pages beyond the target number of pages, wherein the additional pages are constrained to have an importance that is equal to or greater than an importance threshold; and providing as output for each of at least a subset of the crawled pages and additional pages a crawl data associated with the respective page; wherein an importance is a query independent metric associated with the page.
SUMMARY:  ## BACKGROUND OF THE INVENTION Search appliances, such as are used in conjunction with an intranet, typically receive an initial list of URLs to crawl, crawl those URLs, and create an index based on the documents retrieved. As new URLs are encountered during the crawling process, they are typically added to the list of URLs to crawl and crawled accordingly. Search appliances typically can only maintain an index of a finite number of pages for a variety of reasons which may include resource and license limitations. It is possible that the search appliance may be aware of more URLs than it is capable of or authorized to index. In such a case, the search appliance may crawl to that limit and
