
===== US8661029B1 | Điều chỉnh xếp hạng dựa trên phản hồi ngầm của người dùng (Navboost) | 2006-11-02 | Hyung-Jin Kim, Simon Tong, Noam M. Shazeer, Michelangelo Diligenti
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method comprising: obtaining a measure of relevance for a document referenced by a search result wherein the search result was provided in response to a search query, the measure of relevance being based on a first number in relation to a second number, the first number corresponding to a subset of a count of views of the document following selections of the search result when the search result was provided in response to the search query, and the second number corresponding to the count of views of the document following selections of the search result; and providing the measure of relevance to a ranking engine for ranking of search results, for the document referenced by the search result.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY Systems, methods, and apparatus including computer program products for ranking search results of a search query are described. In general, particular inputs may be generated or analyzed to affect the presentation of search results. For example, such inputs may increase the relevance that a system will assign to a particular result in a particular situation, thus boosting the score or other indicator of relevance for the result (and perhaps the relevance of the result in the context of a particular query). Such an approach may benefit a user by providing them with search results that are more likely to match their needs. As a result, users can learn more using the internet, can find more relevant information more quickly, and will thus achieve more in their work or elsewhere, and will be more likely to use such a system again. A provider of such services may also benefit, by providing more useful services to users, and by thereby inducing more traffic to their search services. Such additional traffic may provide an operator with additional revenue, such as in the form of advertising that accompanies the searching and the delivery of search results. One aspect of the subject matter described in this specification can be embodied in a computer-implemented method that

===== US8938463B1 | Điều chỉnh xếp hạng bằng phản hồi ngầm và mô hình thiên lệch vị trí | 2007-03-12 | Hyung-Jin Kim, Adrian D. Corduneanu
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method comprising: obtaining information regarding selections of search results provided in response to a plurality of search queries, the obtained information for one or more of the selected search results comprising one or more presentation bias features of a presentation of the search result and one or more relevancy features of the search result, wherein at least one of the presentation bias features is a rank of the search result in the search results; training a model using the obtained information, wherein the model is trained to predict a click through rate based on input comprising the one or more presentation bias features and the one or more relevancy features; and providing the model for use with a search engine, wherein the search engine is configured to provide presentation bias and relevancy features of given search results as input to the model and to use predictive outputs of the model to reduce presentation bias in a presentation of the given search results by determining a quality score for each of the given search results and factoring out independent effects of presentation bias from the quality scores using the predictive outputs of the model, wherein the predictive outputs used to reduce the presentation bias in the presentation of
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY Systems, methods, and apparatus including computer program products for ranking search results of a search query are described. In general, particular inputs may be generated or analyzed to affect the presentation of search results. For example, such inputs may increase the relevance that a system will assign to a particular result in a particular situation, thus boosting the score or other indicator of relevance for the result (and perhaps the relevance of the result in the context of a particular query). Such an approach may benefit a user by providing them with search results that are more likely to match their needs. As a result, users can learn more using the internet, can find more relevant information more quickly, and will thus achieve more in their work or elsewhere, and will be more likely to use such a system again. A provider of such services may also benefit, by providing more useful services to users, and by thereby inducing more traffic to their search services. Such additional traffic may provide an operator with additional revenue, such as in the form of advertising that accompanies the searching and the delivery of search results. The subject matter described in this specification can be embodied in a computer-implemented method that includes rece

===== US8694511B1 | Điều chỉnh xếp hạng dựa trên nhóm người dùng (population) | 2007-08-20 | Adrian Dumitru Corduneanu, Michelangelo Diligenti
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method, the method comprising: identifying click data for a document, wherein the click data represents a plurality of selections of the document, each selection being weighted according to a respective viewing time of the document when the document was identified as a search result responsive to a query submitted by a respective user in a respective country in a respective language; calculating first click data by aggregating the weighted selections of the document that are for a same respective country in a respective language; calculating second click data by aggregating the weighted selections of the document that are for a same respective language; deemphasizing the second click data relative to the first click data based on, at least, a determination that a language of the query and a language of a user interface are the same; and calculating a quality of result statistic for the document by combining the first click data with the deemphasized second click data; and providing the quality of result statistic as an input to a ranking for the document.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY Systems, methods, and apparatus including computer program products for ranking search results of a search query are described. In general, particular inputs may be generated or analyzed to affect the presentation of search results. For example, such inputs may increase the relevance that a system will assign to a particular result in a particular situation, thus boosting the score or other indicator of relevance for the result (and perhaps the relevance of the result in the context of a particular query). Such an approach may benefit a user by providing them with search results that are more likely to match their needs. As a result, users can learn more using the internet, can find more relevant information more quickly, and will thus achieve more in their work or elsewhere, and will be more likely to use such a system again. A provider of such services may also benefit, by providing more useful services to users, and by thereby inducing more traffic to their search services. Such additional traffic may provide an operator with additional revenue, such as in the form of advertising that accompanies the searching and the delivery of search results. In general, one or more aspects of the subject matter described in this specification can be embodied in one or more m

===== US9092510B1 | Điều chỉnh xếp hạng dựa trên yếu tố thời gian của phản hồi người dùng | 2007-04-30 | Robert J. Stets, Jr., Mark Andrew Paskin
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method comprising: obtaining user feedback associated with quality of a document including receiving user selections of the document and a plurality of other documents presented by a document search service; adjusting a measure of relevance for the document, including: determining a first click trend for the document, the first click trend comprising a plurality of first date intervals and, for each of the first date intervals, a respective volume of user selections of the document in search results provided by the document search service within the date interval; determining a second click trend for the other documents, the second click trend comprising a plurality of second date intervals and, for each of the second date intervals, a respective volume of user selections of the other documents in search results provided by the document search service within the date interval, where contributions of the user selections of the document and the user selections of the other documents to the first click trend and the second click trend, respectively, are based on temporal distance between a current time and times of the user selections; comparing the first click trend to the second click trend and determining that a first rate of change for the first click t
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY Systems, methods, and apparatus including computer program products for ranking search results of a search query are described. In general, particular inputs may be generated or analyzed to affect the presentation of search results. For example, such inputs may increase the relevance that a system will assign to a particular result in a particular situation, thus boosting the score or other indicator of relevance for the result (and perhaps the relevance of the result in the context of a particular query). Such an approach may benefit a user by providing them with search results that are more likely to match their needs. As a result, users can learn more using the interne, can find more relevant information more quickly, and will thus achieve more in their work or elsewhere, and will be more likely to use such a system again. A provider of such services may also benefit, by providing more useful services to users, and by thereby inducing more traffic to their search services. Such additional traffic may provide an operator with additional revenue, such as in the form of advertising that accompanies the searching and the delivery of search results. The subject matter described in this specification can be embodied in a computer-implemented method that includes obtai

===== US9002817B2 | Xen kẽ kết quả tìm kiếm (interleaving) | 2006-12-07 | David R. Bailey, Johnathan J. Effrat, Amit Singhal
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method comprising: receiving in a search engine system a query, the query comprising query text submitted by a user; searching a first collection of resources to obtain one or more first search results, wherein each of the one or more first search results has a respective first search result score; searching a second collection of web resources to obtain one or more second search results, wherein each of the one or more second search results has a respective second search result score, wherein the resources of the first collection of resources are different from the resources of the second collection of web resources; determining from historical user click data that resources from the first collection of resources are more likely to be selected by users than resources from other collections of data when presented by the search engine in a response to the query text; generating enhanced first search result scores for the first search results as a consequence of the determining, the enhanced first search result scores being greater than the respective first search result scores for the first search results; generating a presentation order of first search results and second search results in order of the enhanced first search result scores and the second se
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY This specification describes technologies relating to presenting results for a search query that derive from different search engines or bodies of searched resources. In general, one aspect of the subject matter described in this specification can be embodied in methods that include the actions of presenting a plurality of first search results received from a first search engine, the first search results satisfying a search query directed to the first search engine, the first search results being presented in an order; and presenting a second search result inserted at a position between two otherwise adjacent first search results in the order, the second search result being received from a second search engine in response to the search query, the first search engine searching a first corpus of first resources, the second search engine searching a second corpus of second resources, the first search engine and the second search engines being distinct from each other. Other embodiments of this aspect include corresponding systems, apparatus, and computer program products. In general, another aspect of the subject matter described in this specification can be embodied in methods that include the actions of presenting a plurality of first search results received from a

===== US8615514B1 | Đánh giá thuộc tính website bằng cách phân nhóm phản hồi người dùng | 2010-02-03 | Neil C. Fernandes, Michael Flaster, April R. Lehman
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method, comprising: obtaining a plurality of document-query pairs associated with a website, each of the document-query pairs being associated with a respective query, a respective document from the website, and respective user feedback data for the respective document as a search result for the respective query; assigning each of the plurality of document-query pairs to one of a plurality of partitions according to an information retrieval score of a document for the respective query of the pair, each partition being defined by a distinct respective information retrieval score range; aggregating the respective user feedback data associated with the document-query pairs in two or more of the partitions, wherein at least one of the partitions represents aggregated user feedback data from a plurality of different document-query pairs; determining a first distribution of the aggregated user feedback data among the two or more partitions; calculating a skew of the first distribution; determining an indication of quality of the website based on at least the calculated skew of the first distribution; and providing the indication of quality of the website as an input for ranking documents from the website as search results.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY In general, one innovative aspect of the subject matter described in this specification can be embodied in methods that include the actions of: receiving a plurality of document query pairs (D-Qs) associated with a website, each of the D-Qs being associated with a respective query, a respective document from the website, and respective user feedback data indicative of user behavior relative to the respective document as a search result for the respective query; partitioning the plurality of D-Qs into one or more groups according to values for a partition parameter associated with the plurality of D-Qs, each group being defined by a respective value range for the partition parameter and including D-Qs associated with partition parameter values that are within the respective value range; evaluating, by a processor, a property parameter of the website based on aggregated user feedback data of the D-Qs included within at least one of the one or more groups; and providing the evaluated property parameter as an input for ranking documents from the website as result documents for searches. Other embodiments of this aspect include corresponding systems, apparatus, and computer programs, configured to perform the actions of the methods, encoded on computer storage devices. 

===== US9697259B1 | Tinh chỉnh kết quả tìm kiếm theo đặc điểm người dùng | 2009-08-31 | Hyung-Jin Kim, Oleksandr Grushetskyy, Andrei Lopatenko
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method for processing query information, comprising: receiving data representative of a search query from a user located at a geographic location; determining whether multiple countries have a characteristic in common with the geographic location where the user is located; selecting, as a proper subset of the multiple countries, a plurality of countries that are each determined to have the characteristic in common with the geographic location where the user is located; identifying a plurality of search results responsive to the search query, wherein each search result refers to a respective particular document; accessing, for each particular search result of a plurality of the search results, a plurality of different country-specific click measures that correspond to different, single countries and correspond to a single document, wherein each country-specific click measure is a measure of behavior of users associated with a respective particular country in regards to the particular document when the particular document was referred to in a previously provided search result; for each particular search result of the plurality of the search results, generating a combined click measure, wherein each combined click measure is generated by combining the respe
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY This disclosure describes systems, methods and apparatus including computer program products for refining search results. In general, one or more aspects of the subject matter described in this specification can be embodied in one or more methods for processing query information. The methods include receiving data representative of a search query from a user search session. The methods also include identifying a plurality of search results based upon the search query. Each search result is associated with a plurality of user characteristics and data that represents requestor behavior relative to previously submitted queries associated with the respective search result. The methods also include ordering the plurality of user characteristics based upon the data that represents requestor behavior relative to previously submitted queries and the respective search result. The methods also include adjusting the ordered plurality of user characteristics based upon at least one predefined compatibility associated with the user characteristics. The methods also include ranking the search results based upon the adjusted plurality of user characteristics. These and other embodiments can optionally include one or more of the following features. One or more of the predefined co

===== US9218397B1 | Cải thiện tìm kiếm bằng cách đẩy hạng kết quả | 2003-12-03 | Mark Pearson, Simon Tong
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method, comprising: obtaining, in a server device, a plurality of first search results responsive to a first search query of a user, the plurality of first search results being ranked in an order; identifying a second search query based on the second search query being previously submitted by the user and being related to the first search query; obtaining one or more second search results responsive to the second search query; identifying a particular search result of the second search results; determining that the particular search result is not within a threshold number of highest-ranked first search results of the first search results responsive to the first search query; in response to determining that the particular search result is not within the threshold number of the highest-ranked first search results of the first search results responsive to the first search query, modifying the first search results by providing the particular search result within the threshold number of highest-ranked first search results of the first search results responsive to the first search query; and providing the modified plurality of first search results in response to the first search query.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY Embodiments of the present invention provide systems and methods for improved searching. In one embodiment of the present invention, a user enters a search query, and in response, a search engine locates and ranks relevant documents. The search engine then relocates an article that is in a first position in the result set based on the initial ranking to a second position in the result set. The first position is a position not likely to be seen by the user, and the second position is a position that is likely to be seen by a user. The search engine may identify the article in various ways. For example, in one embodiment, the search engine randomly selects the article for relocation. In another embodiment of the present invention, the search engine receives a first result set in response to a first search query and a second, candidate result set in response to a second search query. The search engine identifies an article in the candidate result set and inserts the article into the first result set. The queries may be related in various ways. For example, the second query may be a reformulated version of the first query. Further details and advantages of embodiments of the present invention are set forth below. ## BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE FIGURES These and other

===== US9767478B2 | Chấm điểm tài liệu dựa trên traffic liên quan | 2003-09-30 | Steve Lawrence
CLAIM: 1. A method comprising: determining, by one or more server devices and for a first time period, a first quantity of links associated with a document; determining, by the one or more server devices and for a second time period, a second quantity of links associated with the document, the second time period being subsequent to the first time period, and the second quantity of links being less than the first quantity of links; identifying, by the one or more server devices, a first weight associated with each link of the second quantity of links; determining, by the one or more server devices and based on the first weight, a second weight; determining, by the one or more server devices and based on the determined second weight and the second quantity of links being less than the first quantity of links, that the document is stale; and processing, by the one or more server devices and based on determining that the document is stale, the document.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION Systems and methods consistent with the principles of the invention may score documents based, at least in part, on history data associated with the documents. This scoring may be used to improve search results generated in connection with a search query. According to one aspect, a method may include determining an extent to which advertisements are presented or updated within a document; generating a score for the document based, at least in part, on the extent to which advertisements are presented or updated within the document; and ranking the document with regard to at least one other document based, at least in part, on the score. According to another aspect, a system may include means for determining a quality of an advertiser associated with an advertisement provided within a document; means for generating a score for the document based, at least in part, on the quality of the advertiser associated with the advertisement provided within the document; and means for ranking the document with regard to at least one other document based, at least in part, on the score. According to yet another aspect, a method may include determining whether an advertisement in a document relates to an advertising document that has more than a threshold amount

===== US8832083B1 | Kết hợp các nguồn phản hồi người dùng | 2010-07-23 | Zhihui Chen, Hyung-Jin Kim, Henele I. Adams, Nitin Khandelwal, Varun Kacholia, David P. Stoutamire
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method comprising: obtaining search results responsive to a query, each search result identifying a respective resource and each resource having a respective rank determined by a primary ranking algorithm; for one or more of the respective resources: obtaining primary user feedback data for the resource, the primary user feedback data representing a plurality of previous user interactions with the resource when the resource was presented as a search result responsive to the query and wherein the search result had a rank determined by the primary ranking algorithm; obtaining secondary user feedback data for the resource, the secondary user feedback data representing a plurality of previous user interactions with the resource when the resource was presented as a search result responsive to the query and wherein the search result had a rank determined by a different secondary ranking algorithm; applying a weight to the secondary user feedback data, the weight being at least partially based on a threshold quantity of the primary user feedback data; aggregating the primary user feedback data and the weighted secondary user feedback data and modifying the respective rank of the resource as a search result for the query based at least partially on the aggregate
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY This specification relates to digital data processing and, in particular, to combining user feedback. Particular embodiments of the subject matter described in this specification can be implemented so as to realize one or more of the following advantages. The quality of search results may be improved. Quality metrics from one search engine may be used to improve the ranking of search results for another search engine. Fresh content from video property could get chance to surface on web search engine which serves large volume of pages from variety of properties. The details of one or more embodiments of the subject matter described in this specification are set forth in the accompanying drawings and the description below. Other features, aspects, and advantages of the subject matter will become apparent from the description, the drawings, and the claims. ## BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS FIG. 1 illustrates an example of video search results displayed in a web page presented in a web browser. FIG. 2 illustrates an exemplary video player as displayed in a web page presented in a web browser or other software application. FIG. 3 illustrates an example search system for identifying search results in response to search queries. FIG. 4 is a diagram illustrating 

===== US8396865B1 | Chia sẻ dữ liệu độ liên quan giữa các kho dữ liệu | 2008-12-10 | Eugene Ie, Xuefu Wang, Daniel J. Clancy
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method comprising: providing, by a computing system, a first query to a first search engine for searching a first corpus of documents; receiving, by the computing system and from the first search engine, a plurality of first search results that are responsive to the first query, each first search result corresponding to a first result document, each first search result being associated with a respective ranking among the first search results; and for at least a particular search result that corresponds to a particular document and that is in the plurality of first search results, performing the following: identifying, by the computing system, second relevance data that is indicative of a second search result's popularity as having been selected by a population of users as a result for a second query that is identical to the first query or similar to the first query, the second relevance data being identified based on the second search result corresponding to a second document that contains content that identifies a physical object that is also identified by content in the particular document; and determining, by the computing system, a new ranking for the particular search result among the plurality of first search results based on the particular search 
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY This specification describes technologies relating to search engine ranking. In general, one aspect of the subject matter described in this specification can be embodied in a method that includes providing a first query to a first search engine for searching a first corpus of documents. A plurality of first result documents are received from the first search engine responsive to the query, each first result document being associated with a respective ranking among the first result documents. For one or more first documents in the plurality of first result documents, the following is performed. First, a distinct second document in a second corpus of documents is identified where the second document contains content that identifies a physical object that has an identification number, where the first document contains content that identifies the physical object, and where the second document was included in a plurality of second result documents responsive to a second query of the second corpus of documents, and where the second query is identical to the first query or similar to the first query. Second, a new ranking is determined for the first document in the plurality of first search result documents based on the first document's respective ranking and second releva

===== US7756887B1 | Điều chỉnh độ liên quan bằng theo dõi hoạt động con trỏ chuột | 2004-12-30 | Taher H. Haveliwala
CLAIM: 1. A method of providing search results, comprising: at a client: presenting, in response to a search query, a plurality of search results received from a remotely located search engine, each search result occupying a respective region on a display; determining a hover period comprising a length of time that a user hovers a user-controlled pointer over the display region occupied by a respective search result of the plurality of search results without user selection of the respective search result; and transmitting, to a server, information about the length of the hover period and the respective search result over which the user-controlled pointer was hovering; at a server: updating a relevancy value of the respective search result at least partially in accordance with the received user hover periods; and in response to a second search query after the update of the relevancy value, identifying a set of search results for the second search query in accordance with their relevancy values, the set of search results including the respective search result whose relevancy value has been updated.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY According to some embodiments, one or more informational items are displayed in response to a search query. Each item occupies a respective region on a display and has a relevancy value associated with the search query. The user's browsing (e.g., pointer placement and/or movement) activities are monitored with respect to the displayed informational items. At least one informational item's relevancy value is adjusted in accordance with the user's browsing activities with respect to the item's respective region. ## BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS The aforementioned aspects of the invention as well as additional aspects will be more clearly understood as a result of the following detailed description of the various embodiments of the invention when taken in conjunction with the drawings. Like reference numerals refer to corresponding parts throughout the several views of the drawings. FIG. 1 is a block diagram illustrating a client-server network system according to some embodiments of the present invention. FIG. 2A is a schematic flowchart illustrating an exemplary thick-client embodiment of a client assistant. FIG. 2B is a schematic flowchart illustrating an exemplary thin-client embodiment of a client assistant. FIG. 3 is a flowchart illustrating how adjus

===== US8874570B1 | Vector tăng hạng dựa trên dữ liệu cùng truy cập (co-visitation) | 2004-11-30 | Tessa Macduff, Sugato Basu, Taher H. Haveliwala, Glen Jeh, Sepandar D. Kamvar, Bilgehan Uygar Oztekin, Mehran Sahami
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method, comprising: at a search engine system comprising one or more processors and memory storing one or more programs executed by the one or more processors: providing a first set of content location identifiers for first content; using the first set of content location identifiers to identify a second set of content location identifiers for second content, wherein the second content is related to the first content based on co-visits by individual users, in a community of users, within a time interval, to a respective first content location identifier in the first set of content location identifiers and a respective second content location identifier in the second set of content location identifiers; generating a search boost vector having weights corresponding to content location identifiers in the second set of content location identifiers, wherein the weights are based at least in part on a frequency of user visits to corresponding content location identifiers in the second set of content location identifiers; and providing the search boost vector to a query server, wherein the search boost vector is for use by the query server to boost content location identifiers in the second set when serving search results.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY In a method of generating a search boost vector, a first set of content location identifiers for first content are provided. A second set of content location identifiers for second content are identified. The second content is related to the first content in accordance with one or more predefined criteria. A search boost vector is generated by determining weights corresponding to content location identifiers in the second set of content location identifiers. The search boost vector may also be generated by determining weights corresponding to content location identifiers in the first set of content location identifiers. The predefined criteria may include one or more additional content location identifiers that are co-visited with one or more content location identifiers for the first set of content location identifiers. Co-visits are by a community of users during an interval of time. In some embodiments, determining the weights for the search boost vector includes determining a consistency factor and/or a uniqueness factor for one or more of the content location identifiers in the second set of content location identifiers that are co-visited with one or more of the content location identifiers in the first set of content location identifiers. The uniqueness fact

===== US8359309B1 | Điều chỉnh xếp hạng dựa trên thống kê tìm kiếm theo từng kho dữ liệu | 2007-05-23 | John R. Provine, Claudio Basile, Alexander L. Vasserman
CLAIM: 1. A method implemented by data processing apparatus, the method comprising: determining, for a plurality of search results responsive to a query, a respective count of times search results in the plurality of search results that refer to documents in a base corpus have been presented, and a respective count of times search results in the plurality of search results that refer to documents in the base corpus have been selected, wherein the respective counts for presentations and selections of search results that refer to documents in the base corpus are for searches initiated by users in a plurality of different countries who employ a specific language; determining, for the plurality of search results responsive to the query, a respective count of times search results in the plurality of search results that refer to documents in a second corpus have been presented, and a respective count of times search results in the plurality of search results that refer to documents in the second corpus have been selected, wherein the respective counts for presentations and selections of search results that refer to documents in the second corpus are for searches initiated by users in the plurality of different countries who employ the specific language; calculating a click through rate of the
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY Systems, methods, and apparatus including computer program products for ranking search results of a search query using corpus search statistics are described. In general, in one aspect, a computer-implemented method, a computer program product, and a system, respectively, are provided. The computer-implemented method, computer program product, and system include determining a first relevance of a first corpus to a search query, determining a second relevance of a second corpus to the search query, determining a measure of relative relevance of the first corpus and the second corpus to the search query, and providing the measure of relative relevance to a ranking engine for ranking of search results for a new search corresponding to the search query. Implementations can include one or more of the following features. Determining a relevance of a corpus to the search query can further include determining a click measure based on a number of selections of search results for the search query from the corpus. Determining a relevance of a corpus to the search query can further include determining a search fraction based on a number of searches for the search query issued in the corpus in view of a number of searches for all queries issued in the corpus. Determining a rele

===== US8423541B1 | Dùng kết quả được người dùng lưu lại làm phản hồi chất lượng | 2005-03-31 | Shumeet Baluja, Michael Frumkin
CLAIM: 1. A computer-readable memory device storing computer-executable instructions, the computer-readable memory device comprising: one or more instructions for receiving, from a user, a first request to perform a search based on a first search query; one or more instructions for providing a first set of search results to the user based on the first search query; one or more instructions for receiving a request, from the user, to save one or more selected search results of the first set of search results; one or more instructions for saving, in a memory and in response to the request, information associated with the selected one or more search results; one or more instructions for receiving, from the user, a second request to perform a search based on a second search query, where the second request is received subsequent to the first request; one or more instructions for generating a second set of search results based on the second search query; one or more instructions for determining that a particular search result, in the second set of search results, is similar to a selected search result of the selected one or more search results based on the saved information, where the one or more instructions for determining includes at least two of: one or more instructions for determining wh
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY According to one aspect, a method may include receiving a search query from a user and searching a corpus of documents using the received search query to determine a set of search results. The method may further include providing the set of search results to the user and receiving a request from the user to save one or more selected search results of the set of search results. The method may also include saving the selected one or more search results in a database in response to the request and using the saved one or more search results as indicators of search result quality for subsequent related searches. According to another aspect, a method may include receiving a search query from a user and providing a set of search results to the user based on the search query. The method may further include receiving a request from the user to save one or more selected search results of the set of search results and saving the selected one or more search results in a database in response to the request. The method may also include using the saved one or more search results to ascertain information about the received search query. According to a further aspect, a method may include searching a corpus of documents using a search query to produce search results and saving one

===== US8001118B2 | Dùng thống kê sử dụng trong truy xuất tài liệu | 2001-03-02 | Jeffrey A. Dean, Benedict Gomes, Krishna Bharat, Georges Harik, Monika H. Henzinger
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method of organizing a collection of documents, the computer implemented method comprising: identifying at a server a plurality of documents responsive to a search query; accessing at the server usage information associated with the plurality of documents, the usage information including, for each document, a frequency of visit value based on a number of times the document was visited during a time period and a unique visit value based on a number of unique visitors to the document; determining at the server, for each document, a usage score from the frequency of visit value and the unique visit value associated with the document; and organizing at the server the plurality of documents based, in part, on the usage scores for the documents.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY OF THE INVENTION Systems and methods consistent with the present invention address this and other needs by identifying compounds based on the overall context of a user query. One aspect of the present invention is directed to a method of organizing a set of documents by receiving a search query and identifying a plurality of documents responsive to the search query. Each identified document is assigned a score based on usage information, and the documents are organized based on the assigned scores. ## BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS The accompanying drawings, which are incorporated in and constitute a part of this specification, illustrate an embodiment of the invention and, together with the description, explain the invention. In the drawings, FIG. 1 is a diagram illustrating an exemplary network in which concepts consistent with the present invention may be implemented; FIG. 2 illustrates an exemplary client device; FIG. 3 illustrates a flow diagram, consistent with the invention, for organizing documents based on usage information; FIG. 4 illustrates a few techniques for computing the frequency of visits, consistent with the invention. FIG. 5 illustrates a few techniques for computing the number of users, consistent with the invention; and FIG. 6 depi

===== US7454417B2 | Cải thiện xếp hạng bằng thông tin nhóm người dùng (population) | 2003-09-12 | Simon Tong, Mark Pearson
CLAIM: 1. A method, comprising: receiving a search query entered by a user; identifying at least a first population group associated with the user; determining a first article as being responsive to the search query; determining a population signal for the first article based at least in part on the first population group; determining a first ranking score for the first article based at least in part on the population signal; and outputting, in response to the search query, a search result in which the first article is ranked using the first ranking score.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY Embodiments of the present invention comprise systems and methods that improve search rankings for a search query by using population information associated with the search query are described. One aspect of the present invention comprises receiving a search query, and determining a population associated with the search query. Such populations may be defined and determined in a variety of ways. Another aspect of an embodiment of the present invention comprises determining an article (such as a webpage) associated with the search query, and determining a ranking score for the article based at least in part on data associated with the population. a variety of algorithms using population information may be applied in such systems and methods. ## BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS These and other features, aspects, and advantages of the present invention are better understood when the following Detailed Description is read with reference to the accompanying drawings, wherein: FIG. 1 illustrates a block diagram of a system in accordance with one embodiment of the present invention; FIG. 2 illustrates a flow diagram of a method in accordance with one embodiment of the present invention; and FIG. 3 illustrates a flow diagram of a subroutine of the method shown in FIG

===== US8959103B1 | Đánh giá quy tắc đảo thứ tự từ bằng click/skip | 2012-05-25 | Dan Popovici
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method comprising: accessing query log data that identifies, for an initial search query that includes a sequence of query terms: two or more particular query terms that are included in a particular order in the sequence of query terms of the initial search query, search results that were generated using the initial search query, and a particular search result selected by the user; determining, using the query log data, that the particular search result includes the two or more particular query terms in a different order than the particular order in which the two or more particular query terms are ordered in the sequence of query terms of the initial search query; in response to determining that the particular search result includes the two or more particular query terms in the different order, adjusting a click count for a query term reordering rule associated with the two or more particular query terms; and determining, based at least on the adjusted click count, whether to revise a search query using the query term reordering rule.
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY In general, one innovative aspect of the subject matter described in this specification may be embodied in methods that include the actions of evaluating a query term reordering rule based on determining whether a user has (i) selected a search result that includes two or more query terms in an order that is different than the order in which the two or more query terms occur in the corresponding search query (referred to as a “click evaluation” of a query term reordering rule), or (ii) selected a search result that ranks below a search result that includes two or more query terms in the order that is different than the order in which the two or more query terms occur in the corresponding search query (referred to as a “skip evaluation” of a query term reordering rule). In either instance, the reordering engine may infer, through a user's clicking on or skipping a particular search result, that the occurrence of the reordered query terms in the particular search result played some part in the user's decision to select or not select the particular search result. This insight may be used to measure the quality of the reordering rule, for example to allow the search systems to determine whether other search queries should be revised to reorder query terms, or whether o

===== US8965882B1 | Đánh giá quy tắc đồng nghĩa bằng click/skip | 2011-07-13 | Dan Popovici, Juraj Gottweis
CLAIM: 1. A computer-implemented method comprising: accessing, by one or more computers, query log data that identifies, for an initial search query: a query term included in the initial search query, one or more synonyms for the query term that were generated using a corresponding one or more synonym rules, a revised search query that includes the one or more synonyms for the query term, search results that were generated using the initial search query and the revised search query, and a particular search result that was selected by a user; determining, by the one or more computers, that the particular search result includes a particular synonym of the one or more synonyms for the query term that are included in the revised search query; determining, by the one or more computers, that the particular search result includes neither (i) the query term included in the initial search query nor (ii) any of the one or more synonyms for the query term other than the particular synonym; in response to determining that the particular search result includes the particular synonym of the one or more synonyms for the query term that are included in the revised search query, and in response to determining that the particular search result includes neither (i) the query term included in the initial s
SUMMARY:  ## SUMMARY In general, one innovative aspect of the subject matter described in this specification may be embodied in methods that include that actions of evaluating a synonym rule based on determining whether a user has (i) selected a search result that includes a synonym generated using the synonym rule (referred to as a “click evaluation” of the synonym rule), or (ii) selected a search result that ranks below a search result that includes a synonym generated using the synonym rule (referred to as a “skip evaluation” of the synonym rule). In either instance, a synonym engine may infer, though a user's clicking on or skipping a particular search result, that synonyms included in the particular search played some part in the user's decision to select or not select the particular search result. This insight may be used to measure of the quality of the synonym and, by extension, the quality of the corresponding synonym rule. In general, another innovative aspect of the subject matter described in this specification may be embodied in methods that include the actions of accessing query log data that identifies, for an initial search query, a query term included in the initial search query, one or more synonyms for the query term that were generated using a corresponding one or m
